Buche
is a member of the
WCI 31
, serving as the head chef of the first kitchen.
Appearance
[
]
Buche is a short and rotund man with short dark hair and a long handlebar mustache. His sideburns on both sides are connected by a mustache-like set of facial hair under his actual mustache. He wears a dark buttoned shirt with a sash at the top, an apron around his waist, and a large beret.
Personality
[
]
Buche is a very loyal chef to his masters in the
Charlotte Family
and
Big Mom Pirates
. When commissioned to help
Pudding
make a cake, he voiced his skepticism of the time constraints they had, but was put back in line by
Chiffon
.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
As a head chef and a member of the
WCI 31
, who are the finest chefs of Totto Land, Buche is an extremely skilled and experienced chef, having been summoned alongside other members of WCI 31 by Pudding to create a new wedding cake to satisfy
Big Mom
's craving.
History
[
]
Whole Cake Island Arc
[
]
When Big Mom developed a craving for wedding cake and went on a rampage for it, Buche and 30 other renowned head chefs were brought to
Cacao Island
to make preparations for
Charlotte Pudding
to make a wedding cake. When Pudding,
Chiffon
, and
Sanji
arrived, the WCI 31 reported for duty, and Pudding had each of them go into the Sweets Factory one at a time. When Buche came inside, Pudding
altered his memories
, making him believe that the wedding between her and Sanji happened smoothly but the cake was destroyed due to bad weather. Pudding, Chiffon, and Sanji outlined the plan to make the wedding cake within 2 hours and 40 minutes, and Buche was skeptical of the relatively short amount of time they had, but Chiffon intimidated them into following the plan. The baking then began.
Buche and the other chefs eventually completed making the cake and then unloaded it onto a cart. On the cart, the chefs began to add the finishing touches to the cake. However, they were soon told to unload the cake onto the
Nostra Castello
, the ship of the
Fire Tank Pirates
. As such, Buche and the other chefs boarded the pirate ship to finish decorating the cake. By the time they finished, the chefs all fainted from exhaustion.
Afterwards,
Bege
brought the cake to
Funwari Island
with Buche and the tired chefs on board. However, the Nostra Castello was destroyed by the damage dealt to it by
Prometheus
as soon as it landed on the island.
The current status of the WCI 31 remains unknown.