Introduction
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Misc.
For the chapter of the same name, see
Chapter 829
.
Charlotte Linlin
,
better known as
"Big Mom"
,
is the
captain
of the
Big Mom Pirates
and was formerly one of the
Four Emperors
ruling over the
New World
, as the only female member of that group.
She is the matriarch of the very large
Charlotte Family
,
whose many children make up the infrastructure of her crew.
She is also the creator of the unique race of creatures known as
Homies
, who mainly inhabit all of
Totto Land
, and happily serve her. Big Mom possesses three special homies,
Napoleon
,
Prometheus
, and
Zeus
, but unhappy with Zeus' continued failures, Big Mom decided to disown and replace him with a new Homie named
Hera
.
Big Mom rules over Totto Land as its
queen
,
seeking to form it into a utopia where all the
world
's
races
can live together in peace without discrimination or segregation.
In her childhood, Linlin was raised in the
Sheep's House
under
Carmel
, whose
Devil Fruit
power
she eventually inherited, before co-founding her own pirate crew with
Streusen
following Carmel's death.
Big Mom was also part of the legendary
Rocks Pirates
as one of its core members.
After clashing against fellow Emperor
Kaidou
(another ex-member of Rocks' crew), she formed an
alliance
with Kaidou and the
Beasts Pirates
with the intention of conquering the world.
However, this never came to fruition as their alliance would go on to be defeated by the
Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance
.
Following her loss in
Wano Country
to
Eustass Kid
and
Trafalgar Law
, the
World Economy News Paper
released a new listing of the Four Emperors, with Big Mom no longer being included among them anymore.
In Wano, due to being closed off, Linlin's reputation was largely unknown, especially with the more immediate threat, Kaidou, occupying the country. However, after the
Raid on Onigashima
, due to her monstrous power and ability to spawn
"yōkai"
from myth, she was accredited in their country's folklore of the event as the "Great Yōkai Oiran"
(
"妖怪" 大花魁
,
"Yōkai" Ō-oiran
?
, VIZ: "Great Ghastly Oiran")
.
Big Mom was the last of the Four Emperors to be named; her epithet was first revealed after the
Summit War of Marineford
by Eustass Kid
and her real name was revealed by
Pappag
on
Fish-Man Island
.
She is the main antagonist of the
Whole Cake Island Arc
and the
Whole Cake Island Saga
as a whole, the secondary antagonist of the second half of the
Wano Country Arc
, the secondary antagonist of the
Wano Country Saga
overall, and a major antagonist of the
second half
of the series.
Quick Answers
What is the significance of Charlotte Linlin's alias 'Big Mom'?
Charlotte Linlin's alias 'Big Mom' is significant as it reflects her role as the matriarch of the very large Charlotte Family, and the captain of the Big Mom Pirates. This alias also highlights her power and influence as she was formerly one of the Four Emperors ruling over the New World. Additionally, it signifies her creation of the unique race of creatures known as Homies, who inhabit Totto Land and serve her. Her alias 'Big Mom' truly embodies her formidable presence in the world of One Piece.
Provided by: Fandom
What role does the Charlotte Family play in the Big Mom Pirates?
The Charlotte Family plays a crucial role in the Big Mom Pirates. As the matriarch, Charlotte Linlin, also known as Big Mom, leads the crew. The family members, especially the children, make up a significant part of the crew, including officers and the most capable fighters. The crew's hierarchy is similar to other pirate groups, with Big Mom as the captain and the Three Sweet Commanders working directly under her. Other children of the Charlotte Family and combatants answer to them. The crew also includes tens of thousands of soldiers, from homies to people of various humanoid races.
Provided by: Fandom
Is there any truth to the rumors of Big Mom's death?
The rumors of Big Mom's death have been circulating, but they are yet to be confirmed. After a massive explosion, Big Mom fell into Wano's magma chamber, and her current status is unknown to the world. Some members of the Blackbeard Pirates believe her to be dead, while Charlotte Pudding has hope that she's still alive. So, for now, the question 'Is Big Mom dead?' remains unanswered. We'll just have to wait and see!
Provided by: Community
How has Big Mom's character evolved from her younger years to her current age?
Big Mom, also known as Charlotte Linlin, has undergone significant evolution from her younger years to her current age. In her younger days, she was more muscular with a larger jawline and neck. She started wearing her iconic Napoleon and polka-dotted bandana around the age of 48. As she aged, her physique changed, becoming similar to her current appearance at age 68. Notably, she also dared to take a year off her lifespan to grow in size and power, showcasing her fearless nature. Today, she's known for her formidable strength and power, often mocking her opponents and showing no mercy.
Provided by: Fandom
Appearance
Big Mom is a huge, obese woman with a large chin and large, hooked nose. She has an enormous physique, standing at 880 centimeters or just shy of 29 feet tall, which is the largest known height for any human. She is taller than the extremely large
Whitebeard
and was able to hold the 277 cm tall
Brook
in her hand. Even as a five-year old child, Linlin was already massive to the point she was mistaken for a giant and was as tall as giant children. However, as an adult, she is a little over three meters short of the minimum giant height of 12 meters.
She has moderately round, orange eyes, prominent eyelashes, and wears thick purple eyeshadow. She has a very wide mouth with full lips sporting red lipstick, large, round teeth,
and a long, thick tongue that often sticks out. She also has long, curly, and wild pink hair that falls halfway down her back,
as well as a long beak-like nose, and plump, round cheeks.
She also sports a tattoo on her left shoulder and arm, consisting of a large, standard-shaped red heart framed by thin lines curled at their bottom ends, which all tops a far smaller heart.
When she was five years old, Linlin towered over normal humans and was about the same size as a giant child. She had a much rounder face and had freckles on her cheeks, her hair was kept into two buns on both sides of her head. Her nose was more triangular compared to present-day where it now protrudes outward in a rounded, beak-like shape. She wore a polka-dotted dress very similar to the one she currently wears, but with this one reaching her neck and having a bow at the top.
At the start of her pirating career, Linlin's hair grew longer, and she donned a dark sunhat.
At 28 years old, Linlin looked drastically different compared to both her early childhood days and her later years. She was remarkably slimmer and had a visible neck, chin, and jawline, and her features were significantly smaller and more proportionate to her face. Her hair was long, yet considerably less wild than in the present day, and she had a large strand of hair falling to the left side of her face. In Oda's depiction of her at this time, she wore a dark fedora with a polka dot pattern, a bandana, and a dark, polka dotted top with a captain's coat draped over her shoulders.
She had a similar appearance (although shadowed) during her time in the
Rocks Pirates
.
At 48 years old, her neck was considerably larger and more muscular than it was at 28 and she had a much larger, more pronounced jaw. By this time, she had already begun wearing
Napoleon
and her polka-dotted bandana.
Five years ago, at age 63, her physique has become very much similar to currently at age 68, and she wore a purple and pink vertical stripped dress.
During her first appearance, Big Mom was shown to often drool large quantities of saliva when talking.
When in her regular fits of rage from not having a certain food at her direct disposal or simply when extremely furious her pupils take on a spiral appearance.
Big Mom wears a large pink bicorne hat bearing a
Jolly Roger
on the front. She has worn two versions: the first design consisted of a standard skull with crossbones behind it, as well as large flame-like patterns to the sides,
whereas the current version, named
Napoleon
, has two crossed sabers instead of crossbones, possesses smaller lateral flame patterns, and
is imbued with a fragment of her soul
, causing its skull to change expressions and talk to Big Mom;
on its top, the hat is edged with a thick yellow streak, it has a strip snap-fastened to it,
and beneath it is a light, polka-dotted bandana fastened around Big Mom's head. Big Mom also dons a pink dress with red polka dots and white ruffles on its neckline and hemline,
with a wide, rippling white cape attached to its back that falls to the ground.
The outfit is completed with dark blue high heels, one turquoise pearl wristband on either wrist,
and golden, jeweled rings on all her fingers.
Hours after her craving fit for wedding cake started, Big Mom was noted to have gotten slimmer and slimmer
up to the point where she has become emaciated.
She went back to her usual appearance after eating
Sanji
's wedding cake.
As O-Lin during the
Wano Country Arc
, she wears her hair in a shimada.
During the
Fire Festival
, she changed into a black furisode kimono with a white minimalist floral pattern, over a light pink robe, tied with a yellow polka-dotted red sash tied in a bow. She also wears a more elaborate shimada.
Main
Big Mom's first
wanted poster
.
Big Mom's second wanted poster.
Big Mom's current wanted poster.
Big Mom at age 5.
Big Mom during the start of her pirating career.
Silhouette of Linlin when she was a member of the
Rocks Pirates
.
Linlin at age 24.
Linlin at age 30.
Silhouette of Linlin at age 35.
Big Mom at age 42.
Big Mom at age 63.
Big Mom in her pajamas.
Big Mom's slimmer appearance after not eating for about eight hours.
Big Mom's bandana uncovered by Napoleon.
Big Mom's reaction to Sanji's wedding cake.
Big Mom as
O-Lin
.
Big Mom's kimono during the
Wano Country Arc
.
Big Mom's color scheme in the manga.
Big Mom's full appearance with
Napoleon
,
Prometheus
, and
Zeus
.
Other
Big Mom's concept art from the anime.
Linlin at age 28.
Linlin at age 48.
Big Mom's outfit in
One Piece Film: Red
'.
Big Mom's outfit from
One Piece Log Collection
.
Big Mom's wedding dress from
Placole Wedding Collaboration Dresses
.
Big Mom in
One Piece Everyday
.