Introduction
Gallery
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Non-Canon
Misc.
For the chapter of the same name, see
Chapter 329
.
"Cutty Flam" redirects here. For the chapter titled after his birth name, see
Chapter 357
.
"Iron Man"
Franky
is the
shipwright
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
He is the crew's eighth member and the seventh to join, doing so at the end of the
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
.
Born "
Cutty Flam
",
he chose to go by his nickname of "Franky" until eventually permanently discarding his true name per the request of
Iceburg
to hide his identity.
Originally from the
South Blue
,
Franky was abandoned by his family as a 10-year-old,
eventually making his way to
Water 7
. There, he came to be a member of
Tom's Workers
, until an incident resulted in his body being heavily damaged and requiring him to augment himself into a
cyborg
. Upon returning to Water 7, he became the leader of the
Franky Family
, a group of ship dismantlers and
bounty hunters
.
Franky and his followers were originally enemies of the Straw Hats at the beginning of the
Water 7 Arc
, until circumstances forced them to become allies at the end of the same arc and the
Enies Lobby Arc
. Due to this, he is the secondary antagonist of the first half of the Water 7 Arc. Franky's dream is to create a ship and circumnavigate the world with it, and he built the
Thousand Sunny
and joined the Straw Hat Pirates to fulfill his dream.
He gained a bounty of
44,000,000 for his involvement at the
Enies Lobby
Incident. It later increased to
94,000,000 after the
Dressrosa Arc
. Following the
Raid on Onigashima
, his bounty was increased to
394,000,000.
Appearance
Further information:
Franky/Gallery
Before the Timeskip
As a direct result of the modifications that he conducted upon himself as well as the years spent as a ship dismantler, bounty hunter, and street thug in
Water 7
, Franky is a powerfully built man with a height of at least seven feet, making him the third-tallest member of the Straw Hat crew, after
Jinbe
and
Brook
. His forearms are relatively enormous while his biceps are comparably small. His chest is well-toned with large abs and pectoral muscles. He has brightly colored blue hair and blue star tattoos on his forearms. Franky's eyebrows are rather long and stern, and he has three prominent lower Matsuge on each eye. His chin is very angular and tapers off in three pointed clefts. Franky has an equally angular prosthetic nose made of iron with several rivets and jagged edges, the only replacement part of his exterior body that is not covered in artificial skin.
Before being hit by the
Puffing Tom
, Franky's forearms were normal-sized, and his overall height was comparably smaller than his cyborg-enhanced self would be. He also had an ordinary nose and chin, both of which were later badly broken in the accident, causing him to repair them with iron.
His choice of clothing usually comprises
swim briefs
, which cause people to call him a pervert, and an open loud Hawaiian "Aloha" shirt with a large golden chain necklace around his neck. It is rare for him to button up his shirt, have long sleeves, and wear pants or footwear unless the situation calls for it, or someone makes him do so. He also does not like it when people tamper with his look, as seen when
Nami
's mind was inside his body and she tried to button up his Hawaiian shirt, which made Franky upset.
Before becoming a cyborg, Franky went half-dressed simply because he wanted to. Now, his cyborg body is built in a way that covering himself up limits him from accessing its features (long sleeves prevent him from using weapons installed on his arms, a buttoned shirt stops him from accessing his chest panels, pants keep him from using features on his legs that cause them to separate or expand, shoes are a hindrance for the same reason and also redundant because his feet are toughened with iron). If in a battle, Franky will strip down for the sake of using his weapons or wear specially modified clothing that can transform along with him. Conversely, Franky always makes sure to cover his back (hence, he wears a shirt) because it is a weak spot; it is still flesh and blood since it is the only part of his body he cannot reach and modify. Unfortunately, Franky is still susceptible to cold and can suffer chills from his half-nakedness.
During his first appearance in the
Water 7 Arc
, Franky wore a masked costume as a disguise so no one could identify him while he bought wood from the
Adam
tree off the black market.
After discarding this disguise, for the rest of the arc up to the end of the
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
, he wore a red Hawaiian shirt, with lime green palm trees decorating it.
During the
Thriller Bark Arc
, Franky wore a yellow shirt with purple trident-like symbols on the sides and a large one on the back.
Near the end of the previous arc up to the
Sabaody Archipelago Arc
, Franky switched to wearing a purple version of his Hawaiian shirt.
During the
Straw Hats separation
, Franky wore a red coat to protect himself from the cold while on
Baldimore
, but after blowing up
Vegapunk
's laboratory, the skin on his face and frontal body was burned off, revealing his metal endoskeleton underneath, which he covered up with a tiger skin rug due to scaring people who looked at him.
He also has a pair of sunglasses, which he usually wears when things start to get serious.
After the Timeskip
Over the two years he was on his own, Franky used Vegapunk's blueprints to drastically reconfigure his body, repairing the damage he accidentally caused to himself and replacing some old functions his body used to have with better and more powerful implements. Franky's hair is now controllable and can change different styles instantly by pushing his nose for more than three seconds. While he used to wear it up in a pompadour style, he now frequently changes his hairstyle, typically whenever he wears a new outfit. However, he reverts to his original pompadour style whenever he is inside
General Franky
.
He also has two stitch-mark scars on his torso running down from the back of his neck indicating that he had sewn his skin back on.
He appears to have made modifications to his eyes as well. What appear to be his eyes are actually lenses that resemble human eyes over a pair of robotic eyes underneath. His left eye was seen with inverse coloration and with a glowing red pupil after his battle with
Senor Pink
, after being knocked around so much it caused the lens over the eye to fall out.
Once the fighting against the
Donquixote Pirates
had come to a close and Franky had some downtime to repair himself, he installed a replacement lens.
His shoulders, torso, and arms are also much bigger than before, and with studded hands that look almost robotic in appearance, but he also revealed that inside of his huge arms, he still has a set of normal-sized robotic hands. He now appears to be wearing metal-rigged suspenders. He has replaced his elbows with large, light blue hinges, his shoulders with a large red ball and socket joint with "
BF-37
" written on them, and his forearms with large, light blue cubes, with his trademark star tattoo being split by an edge. Surprisingly, Franky's forearms have hair on them even though they are and his large robot hands can even wear gloves. These new features house upgrades he gave himself during the timeskip.
He now wears a red Hawaiian shirt decorate with coconut trees and red swim briefs. While on
Punk Hazard
, he was given a large double-breasted black coat by
Kin'emon
for the cold. When he was able to change into winter attire, he put on a sky-blue double-breasted coat with "
BF 37
" written on the front and back and paired it with a dark navy blue scarf with red polka dots.
During the
Dressrosa Arc
, Franky wore a white dress shirt and black suit jacket, a bowler hat, as well as his typical swim briefs. He initially had his hair in two long pigtails. After Dressrosa Operation: SOP began, he reformed his hair to resemble a cannon, which comically was only cosmetic.
After the battle against the Doflamingo Family, he wore a white tank top with 'Corrida' written across it. He also reformed his hair to resemble Usopp's hat during the Dressrosa Arc.
During the
Zou Arc
, Franky wore a black v-neck t-shirt with four symbols on it arranged in a square pattern (An "I", "H", "T", and a sun-like symbol). He reformed his hair into an undercut style similar in appearance to
Smoker
's post-timeskip hairstyle. Later on, he re-styles it again to resemble a blue whale.
In the
Wano Country Arc
, Franky wears a dark blue yukata workman coat with kanji on the v of the chest and symbols around the belt. He has red cloth draped around his shoulders, and his hair is reformed to resemble a hammer. During the
Raid on Onigashima
, Franky changes the appearance of his arms, with the red ball and socket joint now sporting a white line with curved lined patterns, and reddish-orange dot pattern atop, instead of the usual "BF-37" pattern. Franky's forearms are now black with a grey line, and he is wearing a grey polka-dotted black Hawaiian shirt with what appears to be two large grey buttons, and two grey shoulder cannons protruding from his upper back. He also wears a special Kabuto helmet with a star pattern, with a large ornamental crescent moon atop the helmet, a red and white loincloth, and a large yellow nio-dasuki on his back. When Kin'emon used his
Devil Fruit abilities
to disguise them, Franky wore a
Beasts Pirates
disguise, with Franky changing his hairstyle to resemble horns.
During the
Egghead Arc
, Franky changes into a full-body hooded purple jumpsuit with the bottom half of the jumpsuit being orange in color and a belt with a star-shaped buckle. He also wears a unique headset with a wind-up key-shaped top, a futuristic visor, and a pair of blue-green DOM Shoes.
After escaping from Egghead and during the
Elbaph Arc
, Franky wears a fedora and an open leather jacket.