Gloriosa
is a former
empress
of the
Kuja
tribe from one generation before
Shakuyaku
,
two generations before
Tritoma
,
and three generations before
Boa Hancock
took over. She is more commonly referred to as "
Elder Nyon
".
Over thirty-eight years ago, Gloriosa was part of the legendary
Rocks Pirates
.
Appearance
Gloriosa is remarkably diminutive in height, with very thick lips, and is wrinkled from old age. She also wears some kind of sea-green bubble belt apparently meant to hold up the spotted-print short skirt that all Kuja wear. Also, like most Kuja, she wears a cape. Her hair is white, and she wears a pink flower on the left side of her head.
When she was a member of the
Rocks Pirates
in her youth, she was a tall, slender and beautiful woman. She wore a similar outfit to Hancock, a revealing dark V-neck blouse that showed much of her chest and a loose sarong that exposed her long, slender legs with the symbol of the Kuja adorned on it, along with a white cape sporting epaulettes more commonly found on the jackets of high-ranking
Marines
.
In her first colored appearance, in the opening "
Share the World
", her color scheme is completely different. Namely that the alternate casual top of the Kuja, which appears to be evening wear, that she wears is blue instead of the pink-bordered burgundy seen in the anime. Additionally, her
Snake Weapon
is colored purple, as opposed to the white color seen in the "Share the World" opening. It acts as her staff and the upper body of the snake is curled up.
Personality
Gloriosa seems to be designed around the concept of a wise old woman, as made apparent by her concerns for Amazon Lily itself and expressing knowledge that her fellow Kuja had no idea of. She also asks the Kuja pirates for books, and has a crystal ball, both things that would further this image. However, since she believed some of Hancock's lies about considering the World Government's terms for war, this proved that she was still gullible towards people's intent. Although she is not immune to many of Hancock's emotional manipulations designed to make people follow her, Gloriosa can snap out of them much faster than many others, male or female.
Although she is no longer the Empress of Amazon Lily, she believes that she can still go anywhere (which Hancock proved otherwise) but chooses to live on the outskirts of the island because she's apparently considered to be a traitor. Though, during their conversation about the upcoming war, when Hancock accuses her of worrying about her own life, she simply states that she is already too old to be concerned about her own life, but expresses concern for the sake of others on the island.
Gloriosa does not seem to the share the misandrist tendencies of her fellow Kuja, possible due to her past experiences with men. However, she still strictly abides by the Kuja laws of men not being allowed into Amazon Lily, with her only allowing few exceptions.
She also says "Nyo" a lot, going as far as to incorporate it into a number of words whenever she talks.
Relationships
Family
Gorgon Sisters
Gloriosa, who had left Amazon Lily to escape her
Love Sickness
, found the
Gorgon Sisters
after they had escaped from their masters within the ranks of the
World Nobles
. Gloriosa considers them as owing her a debt they can never repay, which
Boa Hancock
promptly dismisses at every opportunity and puts Gloriosa in her place, whereas
Sandersonia
and
Marigold
acknowledge the debt and do not fight with her. Hancock disrespects Gloriosa due to her corrupted innocence from her four years of pain; however, she does have a degree of respect for the elder at times, and their relationship is overall that of a rebellious teenage daughter and her mother.
Gloriosa also seems to be Hancock's advisor. Gloriosa reminded Hancock of the importance of her responsibilities as a Warlord of the Sea when she refused to participate in the Whitebeard War. She later told Hancock about the nature of Love Sickness after the latter fell in love with Luffy, leading to the Warlord finally accepting World Government's summons (albeit only for Luffy's labor if nothing else). She also corrects Hancock whenever she mistakes Luffy's actions as a marriage proposal.
Friends
Rayleigh and Shakky
Despite formerly being enemies on opposing crews 38 years ago,
Gloriosa is currently good friends with
Silvers Rayleigh
as well as
Shakky
. Rayleigh is well acquainted with her that he refers to her by her real name instead of Elder Nyon. Before her return to Amazon Lily, Gloriosa had lived with Rayleigh and Shakky on Sabaody Archipelago while sheltering the Gorgon Sisters after their escape from the World Nobles. Shakky was also her successor as empress of Amazon Lily.
Monkey D. Luffy
She has a friendly relationship with
Monkey D. Luffy
. Gloriosa was the first to identify Luffy as a man after he arrived on the island. Her views of him turned to respect after she witnessed him use
Supreme King Haki
, selflessly giving up a chance to escape for the three petrified Kujas, and punching a World Noble. Once Luffy befriended the Boa sisters, she was pleased at him not scorning them for their past and getting them to open up.
Gloriosa is especially amazed by how lucky Luffy can be, accomplishing things that should have been impossible for almost anybody. Such as getting the man-hating Hancock to fall in love with him just when he needed her help the most, surviving after breaking into
Impel Down
, and participating in the
Summit War
. She even questioned if the heavens themselves were supporting Luffy.
Unnamed Man
During her time as Empress, Gloriosa fell in love with an unnamed man and suffered
Love Sickness
. To survive, she chose to leave Amazon Lily and follow him. It has been implied she joined the Rocks Pirates both to curb her Love Sickness and be closer with her unnamed man.
While the details of their relationship are unknown, Gloriosa does not seem to regret her decision to be with him and suggests she was very happy. When seeing Hancock's newfound love for Luffy, she fondly remembered being like that herself.
Abilities and Powers
Gloriosa has more knowledge than most of her fellow Kuja, such as what a man is as she did identify
Luffy
as a man upon seeing him.
She is also able to throw off Hancock's charms faster than most men and women, showing a particularly strong willpower.
Also, being a former Empress of the Kuja Tribe, Gloriosa was undoubtedly a powerful Kuja in her prime and, despite her advanced age, she was still able to not only survive being thrown out of a building, but also land on her feet unharmed.
Another sign of Gloriosa's former power is that she is a surviving member of the legendary Rocks Pirates, a crew filled with dangerous pirates who killed each other constantly.
In the anime, in spite of being elderly, Gloriosa has shown to be extremely agile. When Luffy started running off, Gloriosa easily caught up with Luffy, kicking him with great force as Luffy stated.
Haki
Main article:
Haki
As the former Empress of the Kuja, Gloriosa can use
Haki
like all Kuja.
History
Past
When she was younger, during her period ruling as the
Kuja
empress, Gloriosa left
Amazon Lily
and went to sea after falling in love with an unnamed man which led her to suffer
Love Sickness
, a "disease" that had killed many of her predecessors. She managed to survive the ordeal by fleeing the country, but the act of leaving the island did not go unnoticed.
Gloriosa arrives at God Valley alongside her crewmates.
Sometime after leaving Amazon Lily, Gloriosa joined the violent
pirate
crew known as
Rocks Pirates
, implicitly due to the man she had fell in love with being part of the crew. 38 years ago, Gloriosa participated in the
God Valley Incident
, alongside her crewmates. She declared that the events of the day would settle something once and for all.
At some point after she left the island, she lived on the
Sabaody Archipelago
for an undisclosed amount of time. During this time, she befriended
Silvers Rayleigh
and
Shakuyaku
. Her own people considered her a traitor for her actions, but she learned many things about the outside world, including that of the opposite sex. During her journey, she happened to discover
Boa Hancock
and her sisters
Sandersonia
and
Marigold
, a trio of Kuja who had previously disappeared and had escaped
Mary Geoise
after four years of
slavery
at the hands of the
World Nobles
. Seeing these girls, who were her countrywomen, Gloriosa adopted them and kept them with her until she finally returned to Amazon Lily.
By the time she returned, she was given a pardon by the Empress who had replaced her; Empress
Tritoma
, but she was nevertheless tainted by her abandonment. Gloriosa chose to live on the outskirts of the Kuja village, where she would no longer bother in the affairs of the people she once ruled.
Three and a half years before the current storyline Glorissa read and told the news to the current empress
Boa Hancock
that
a new
Warlord of the sea
was elected, while Hancock did not care for the news as Glorissa told her that they needed the information.
Summit War Saga
Amazon Lily Arc
When
Luffy
was being washed in the stream on Amazon Lily, Gloriosa found her fellow Kuja baffled by an apparent
Body Mushroom
that would not come off. She knew that it was Luffy's male-'private part'.
Soon afterwards, Hancock and the
Kuja Pirates
returned to their island. Upon their return, Gloriosa went to ask if any books had been found in their raids.
Ran
handed her a
newspaper
, instead of a book. Soon afterwards, Gloriosa visited Hancock to warn her about the consequences of her actions, only to be tossed out for her trouble.
Later, observing the fight between Luffy and the younger Boa sisters, she remained in the stadium after Hancock ordered the evacuation of the arena, in order to hide the mark on Sandersonia's back, which was only being covered by Luffy. As Luffy, without hesitation, accepted Hancock's offer of freeing the Amazonians who saved him earlier, from their petrified state, over obtaining a ship to leave the island.
Elder Gloriosa then noted how a man, with
Haki
of such a caliber, would willingly bow his head to save those who helped him; probably because of how uncommon both events would occur at once at all. She later entered Kuja Castle to reveal the truth of both Luffy's actions at the Sabaody Archipelago and the Boa siblings' past as slaves.
When Hancock fell ill, Gloriosa identified the illness as the same one that killed many of her predecessors, Love Sickness. However, she was astounded that Hancock was able to stand on her own upon hearing Luffy's name, and wondered if Luffy might have overcome a mountain that no other could budge.
Due to the fact that even Hancock herself was shocked at the fact that she immediately agreed to escort Luffy to
Impel Down
without hesitation, Gloriosa told her that going with him will ultimately be what saves her, as just about every other Empress was killed when they tried to suppress their feelings. She saw the two of them off at the bay, commenting on Hancock's obvious love for Luffy.
Post-War Arc
Two weeks after the
Summit War of Marineford
, Gloriosa informed Hancock that Luffy had regained consciousness. Gloriosa said that Hancock should see Luffy after he fully recovered, but Hancock insisted on seeing Luffy as soon as possible. Gloriosa commented to herself about Hancock's love virus and Luffy's amazing survival through several ordeals from Impel Down to
Marineford
, musing that it must be by divine will for the boy to survive through it all.
Nyon, Sandersonia, and Marigold reunite with Rayleigh.
She was then seen accompanying Hancock and her sisters to the beach with the food that Hancock wanted to deliver to Luffy. Gloriosa told Hancock that just because she was hugged does not mean she is married. Hancock then asked Gloriosa how to have a proper marriage. When arriving at the beach, she was shocked to see Rayleigh, who handed her a letter from Shakky. Gloriosa was also shocked that Hancock, whose attention was on Luffy, did not notice Rayleigh until moments later.
She appeared again on
Rusukaina
with Luffy, Rayleigh, and the Kuja Pirates. When Hancock starts to believe that Luffy saying her name correctly for the tenth time means marriage, Gloriosa says that is not the case.
During the Timeskip
The following events are
Non-Canon
and therefore not considered part of the
Canon
story.
3D2Y
Gloriosa attempted to alert Hancock of
Byrnndi World
's return to the world and that she was summoned by the World Government to defeat World. However, Hancock, ignored the summons and threw it away. Later, when Sandersonia and Marigold are kidnapped by World, Gloriosa accompanied the Kuja Pirates as they waited near the World Pirates' ship for Hancock and Luffy to defeat World. When the Marines arrived, Gloriosa ordered the crew to sail to the back and retrieve Hancock and Luffy.
Later, Gloriosa and Enishida were surprised when they read the newspaper and saw the
Buggy Pirates
had been given the credit for defeating World.
Concludes non-canon section.
Fish-Man Island Saga
Return to Sabaody Arc
Elder Nyon and company, picking up Luffy.
Gloriosa was seen with Hancock, Marigold, and Sandersonia greeting Luffy on Rusukaina Island after his two-year training. After Luffy picked up his hat, the Kujas took him back to Sabaody Archipelago.
On the journey there, she told Hancock to lighten the massive amount of luggage she was giving to Luffy, and after Luffy said that he had hoped to see Hancock again, the Pirate Empress mistook this as a marriage proposal. Gloriosa responded by saying "no" once again.
Whole Cake Saga
From the Decks of the World: The 500,000,000 Man Arc
After the events at
Dressrosa
, Gloriosa watched a blushing Hancock in annoyance after the latter hung a gigantic image of Luffy's bounty poster outside on the castle wall.
The following events are
Non-Canon
and therefore not considered part of the
Canon
story.
One Piece Film: Red
Gloriosa was singing
Uta
's childhood song "
Where the Wind Blows
" with the Gorgon Sisters watching her.
Concludes non-canon section.
Wano Country Saga
Wano Country Arc
After the Seven Warlords system was abolished, Gloriosa was present in Hancock's throne room as a Marine fleet approached Amazon Lily.
Final Saga
Egghead Arc
A few weeks after the Marines and
Blackbeard Pirates
invaded Amazon Lily, she commented on the island's aftermath and got irritated when Hancock thought about leaving the island to marry Luffy. They later discussed with Shakuyaku, Rayleigh, Sandersonia, and Marigold about the incident and the Marines' technological advancements, thinking that it would have been over for them if not for Rayleigh's arrival.
Anime and Manga Differences
In the anime, there are some additional scenes added at the beginning of the Post-War Arc. When the Heart Pirates arrive at Amazon Lily, they enter the harbor with the Kuja Pirates. Gloriosa clearly states that men are forbidden on the island and the Kujas must uphold the laws. Law and Jinbe manage to convince Gloriosa that Law is needed to treat Luffy's wounds. After forming a compromise, Gloriosa allows the Heart Pirates to dock at the bay.
Support Appearances
One Piece: Great Pirate Colosseum
Translation and Dub Issues
In the Funimation dub, she is known as "Granny Nyon".