Higuma
was a
bandit
and the leader of the Higuma Bandits
(
ヒグマ山賊団
,
Higuma Sanzoku-dan
?
)
, active in the mountains of
Dawn Island
.
He was the first antagonist to be introduced in the series, and the first of three in the
Romance Dawn Arc
(third of three in the anime).
Appearance
[
]
Higuma was a tall, well-tanned man with black hair, a black goatee, and an X-shaped scar above his right eye. He wore a long red coat over a white shirt, black trousers, and a golden necklace.
Personality
[
]
Higuma was an arrogant, brutish man, always ready to boast about himself and brutalize the weak, including children.
Having lived inland for all his life, he developed a particularly low opinion of
pirates
upon meeting the
Red Hair Pirates
, deeming them all "cowards" when
their captain
refused to be baited into a fight.
Like most brutes, he had little courage of his own, and reacted poorly to genuine danger. When the Red Hair Pirates seriously fought—and effortlessly crushed—his henchmen, and again when the
Lord of the Coast
attacked him, he could only panic and scramble for his own life.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
Higuma was the leader of his own bandit gang, and powerful enough to have earned a bounty of
8,000,000 (notably higher than the average
East Blue
bounty of
3,000,000). By his own account, he had killed fifty-six people.
Nevertheless, a mere fraction of the
Red Hair Pirates
' power was enough to intimidate him into running.
He also possessed some cunning, keeping a smoke-bomb ready for emergency escapes and reasoning that nobody would anticipate a mountain bandit like himself hiding out at sea.
However, he was notably ignorant about the sea itself—in particular the vicious
Sea King
that dwelled near Foosha Village, which ultimately cost him his life.
Weapons
[
]
He carried a sword with him, though he demonstrated no actual skill as a
swordsman
, merely using his blade for threats.
History
[
]
Past
[
]
At some point in his life Higuma became a notoriously violent mountain bandit, heading a sizable gang, (allegedly) killing 56 people, and earning a bounty of
8,000,000.
East Blue Saga
[
]
Romance Dawn Arc
[
]
Higuma mocks Shanks.
One day, Higuma led his gang to
Foosha Village
in search of liquor, and at
Partys Bar
encountered the
Red Hair Pirates
partying with a seven-year-old
Monkey D. Luffy
. Having never met pirates before, he was unimpressed by their
captain
Shanks
, and grew annoyed when
Makino
admitted they had drank the bar's entire stock. When Shanks offered up a remaining bottle, Higuma angrily smashed it and began boasting of his bounty and reputation; seeing Shanks ignore these threats and trying to clean the mess, Higuma dashed an entire shelf's contents onto him, scorned the pirates as cowards, and left for a neighboring village.
Some days later, after the Red Hair Pirates had set out to sea, the Higuma Bandits returned to Partys Bar.
As they indulged themselves, Higuma began loudly insulting the absent pirates. Overhearing them, Luffy grew outraged on Shanks' behalf and impulsively attacked the bandits.
Annoyed, the gang dragged Luffy outside for a beating; on realizing his rubber physique, Higuma casually proposed selling the boy to a circus.
While Luffy remained defiant, a horrified Makino summoned
the village mayor
, who begged Higuma to spare Luffy and offered ransom. Amused, Higuma maintained that he would never tolerate insults from any weakling. When Luffy shouted further insults, Higuma prepared to kill him on the spot, only to be interrupted by the returning Red Hair Pirates.
Higuma meets his demise.
As before, Higuma dismissed the pirates as any threat, even after
Lucky Roux
effortlessly killed one of his own men. Hearing Shanks declare he would never forgive any threat to a friend, Higuma smugly ordered his gang to attack, only for
Benn Beckman
to defeat them all singlehandedly. At last realizing he was outmatched, Higuma desperately tried to justify himself to the pirates, then set off a smoke bomb and escaped with Luffy as a hostage.
Expecting everyone to search for him on land, Higuma set sail on a small dinghy. Once confident that he was safe from pursuit, Higuma kicked Luffy overboard, watching with sadistic glee as Luffy struggled to swim. However, the commotion attracted Foosha Village's
local sea monster
, who gave Higuma just enough time to scream in terror before devouring him whole,
leading to his death.
Legacy
[
]
Although Higuma was a weakling who met his well-deserved fate, his final actions ultimately caused Shanks to sacrifice one of his arms in order to save Luffy's life, though it hadn't weakened him in the slightest. The event also led to Luffy dedicating himself to becoming the next
Pirate King
, leading him to becoming one of the most well-known pirates in the world.
Live-Action and Manga Differences
[
]
In the
live-action series
, Higuma does not show his wanted poster or boast about the number of people he has killed.
He also does not use a smoke bomb to escape from the
Red Hair Pirates
, instead simply escaping during their battle against his subordinates.
Translation and Dub Issues
[
]
His name is the same as the name of
brown bears
in Japanese. It is generally understood that the
VIZ
translation implemented his English epithet "The Bear" to retain the character's original name while also informing the English-speaking audience of its meaning.