Hildon
was a
Wild Zombie
that resembled a stitched-up vampire.
He appeared to act as a messenger in-between the members of
Thriller Bark
's
Mysterious Four
, reporting to them noteworthy events that were happening throughout the island ship before it fell.
Appearance
Hildon's concept art from the anime.
Hildon had a bat-like body covered in bandages. He wore a dark purple cape that doubled as his wings and enabled him to fly. He had talons capable of suspending him upside down. He had sharp teeth with vampiric fangs, red claws, a long and stitched nose, pointed ears, and his eyes, if not sunken, seemed to have strange tattoos encircling them. Above his right eye was the number 21, and above his left was a stitch trailing from his eye to his hairline.
When he first appeared, he carried a very large long-necked bottle of what appeared to be liquor on his back. He somewhat resembled a vampire.
Personality
He seemed to be loyal to
Gecko Moria
, contacting him when
Ryuma
was defeated, and when the
Straw Hats
were counter-attacking the Denizens.
For the most part, he is amiable and polite when interacting with others casually.
He seemed to prefer avoiding combat, and may have been the only zombie who interacted with the Straw Hats without fighting them at some point.
Abilities and Powers
As a
zombie
, his only weakness was salt. He is also capable of flight, with his large bat wings.
History
Thriller Bark Arc
After the three Straw Hats escaped from the Cerberus, Hildon offered to take
Nami
,
Chopper
, and
Usopp
on a carriage ride to the mansion where
Hogback
lives.
In the carriage drawn by a Centaur and what looks like a hound ridden by a hunchback holding a lantern, Hildon took the three through the forest of
Thriller Bark
and left them in a graveyard.
He then flew off towards the mansion.
Later, after the Straw Hats began their counter attack on Thriller Bark, he warned Moria of this, as well as when Ryuma was beaten by
Zoro
.
Moria, after being beaten by
Luffy
, used his Shadow Asgard technique to increase his power by absorbing all one thousand shadows in Thriller Bark, thus leaving Hildon a hollow shell once again.