Hippo Gentleman
was a
Wild Zombie
who worked under
Perona
.
He was the vice commander of the Wild Zombies.
Appearance
Hippo Gentleman's outfit in the Boss Luffy Historical Arc.
Hippo Gentleman is a large zombie with a hippo head and a human-like body. He has long, thin limbs, a hunched back, and a stocky abdomen. He also has a mustache and the number 28 printed on him.
In relation to his name, "Hippo Gentleman", he wears a full suit with a red bowtie. Additionally, his hands are the same color as his head, suggesting that they are covered in hippo skin.
Personality
Hippo Gentleman had a brutal personality, as he was willing to attack Nami with intent to kill.
He also cared about his fellow zombies, as he tried to strike down Usopp for exorcising
Kumashi
.
Relationships
Thriller Bark Pirates
Hippo Gentleman swore allegiance to
Gecko Moria
as a zombie and to Perona as a
Wild Zombie
in her garden. Unlike his relationship with them, the Hippo Gentleman fears Absalom's power and, despite not being Absalom's subordinate, listens to him because of it.
Abilities and Powers
Despite his size, Hippo Gentleman is not very strong, as he was easily defeated by a single kick from
Inuppe
and again by
Usopp
's
Impact Dial
.
However, he appeared to have some distinguishing strength as he held the position of vice commander of the
Wild Zombies
.
Weapons
Hippo Gentleman carried around a sword and shield.
His skill with it is unknown, as he was always interrupted before being able to use it.
History
Past
Like the other zombies, the Hippo Gentleman was given life when
Gecko Moria
implanted it with shadows using his
Kage Kage no Mi
.
Thriller Bark Arc
During the attack in the Wonder Garden, Hippo Gentleman tried to attack Nami. He was however kicked away by Inuppe into a wall.
Although he was temporarily knocked down and defeated, he recovered after the
Wild Zombies
came to the realization that if they let Nami, Usopp, and Chopper escape, they would face a severe punishment from Perona. As he and the other zombies gave chase, they were scolded to stop by Absalom, who told them to not harm Nami. They ignored his orders and insulted him back by calling him a pervert. As such, this angered Absalom, and warned them to watch their mouths. When Inuppe got in Absalom's way, Hippo Gentleman and other Wild Zombies were knocked back by the impact of Abasalom shooting Inuppe with his bazooka.
Afterwards, Hippo Gentleman led the Wild Zombies back to Perona's room. After Perona used her powers on Zoro, Sanji, Franky, and Usopp, he was ordered to capture them. To him and the Wild Zombies surprise, Perona's Negative Hollow refused to work on Usopp.
Later, during Usopp's battle with Perona in the hallways of the castle, Hippo Gentleman tried to attack Usopp in revenge for him purifying his commander, Kumashi. Before he could strike, however, he was blown away by Usopp's Impact Dial and knocked unconscious.
It is unknown if he was purified by Usopp or not, as the Wild Zombies simply stated that he and Kumashi were defeated.
However, regardless of whether he survived his ordeal with Usopp, his shadow would have been stolen by
Gecko Moria
's "Shadow Asgard" technique, effectively killing him.
The following events are
Non-Canon
and therefore not considered part of the
Canon
story.
Boss Luffy Historical Arc
Brook striking down Kumashi and Hippo Gentleman.
Hippo Gentleman appeared in the Boss Luffy Historical Arc as part of the Thriller Company. Following Perona’s command, Hippo Gentleman, Kumashi, and two other zombies infiltrated
Duval
’s portable shrine team. Perona had used
Negative Hollows
on four of the
Duval’s men
, and Hippo Gentleman watched as Perona used a Negative Hollow on Duval to force the thug to withdrawal from the shrine race.
While walking through town and discussing their rampage, Hippo Gentleman, Kumashi, and three other zombies came across Brook. Brook struck them down and knocked them off a bridge into a river.
Concludes non-canon section.
Major Battles
Wild Zombies
vs.
Nami
,
Usopp
, and
Tony Tony Chopper
(interrupted by
Inuppe
)
Hippo Gentleman vs.
Usopp
Filler Battles
Hippo Gentleman,
Kumashi
, and other
zombies
vs.
Brook