Saint Jalmack
is a
World Noble
who was introduced ten years prior to the start of the series.
Appearance
[
]
Jalmack's concept art from the anime.
Though his initial appearance is hidden in the shadows, Jalmack has a similar hairstyle as the
Rosward family
, but his goes up in two bulbs. He also has a wide chin and wears a red earring on his right ear.
As with all other World Nobles, Jalmack wears a thick white suit adorned with medal-like knobs on the front. He also added a cape to go along with it. However, since he was not at
Sabaody Archipelago
, he cannot wear one of the
resin bubbles
as a helmet, due to the bubbles popping outside of that area. Instead, he wears a rectangular helmet, in order to prevent himself from breathing the same air as "commoners".
Personality
[
]
As is typical for a World Noble, Jalmack is cruel and self-centered, looking down on those who are lower in social status than his kind. To this end, he would gladly shoot down anyone who dares defy him, including children such as
Sabo
. He was also seen with three
slaves
: one carrying him like a horse and two walking behind him in chains; this shows that he has no qualms concerning enslaving people.
However, unlike the other World Nobles shown, he shared his reasoning for shooting down Sabo: the child had raised a
pirate flag
, which classifies him a
pirate
and a criminal, and deserves to be killed. This falls in line with the
Justice
doctrine many
Marines
have adopted. However, his more important reason for gunning down the small ship was due to it cutting his ship off, meaning justice was just an excuse to make him look more moral than he truly is.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
As a World Noble, Jalmack has the authority to do as he pleases. If a person defies him, they shall be targeted by an
Admiral
, whom Jalmack has the right to summon to eliminate anyone whom he thinks has offended him.
Weapons
[
]
Jalmack was seen wielding a rifle-styled bazooka. Unlike Roswald, who wields a rifle with no skill or accuracy, Jalmack managed to shoot down a boat in the middle of the sea. However, the bazooka had a cross-hair, which may contribute to the increased accuracy.
History
[
]
Past
[
]
Jalmack's ship approaching Dawn Island.
Twelve years prior to the storyline, Jalmack went to visit the
Goa Kingdom
in
East Blue
. When
Sabo
's ship got in his way, Jalmack shot it down with a bazooka, supposedly killing him,
claiming that, despite being a child, he dared to raise a pirate flag and that he had the nerve to cut in front of his ship. Afterwards, Jalmack was escorted into the town by his slaves and the kingdom's
royal guards
.