"Mountain Beard" Jarul
is a
giant
and former co-captain of the
Giant Warrior Pirates
, alongside
Jorul
. Along with Jorul, he is known as a hero of the giants and one of the world's oldest warriors.
Appearance
[
]
Jarul is a giant, thus being much larger than a normal human.
He wears a Viking helmet with curved horns, and his facial beard is so large that it covers most of his body, with its shape reminiscent of a mountain. He wears a dark feather coat.
Personality
[
]
Jarul deeply values militarism, as shown when he reminded the young giants on Elbaph that they were warriors above all else. While dedicated to militarism, Jarul is very open-minded as he readily accepted Carmel's claimed ideology in pacifism to engage in commerce instead of plundering. He strongly cherished camaraderie and beliefs, as he mourned the death of his lifelong comrade, Jorul, and noted that had he died a warrior's death, it would have been acceptable, hence could not forgive
Charlotte Linlin
for killing Jorul in a disgraceful manner. His strong respect for
Carmel
, however, led him to reluctantly spare the little girl's life and allowed them to leave.
Like many other people, he has a
unique laugh
: "Bojajaja."
Abilities and Powers
[
]
As a former captain of the Giant Warrior Pirates, Jarul is an exceptionally powerful warrior even among the giants of Elbaph, alongside Jorul, he is deeply respected as a hero with Hajrudin showing utmost admiration for him.
As a giant, he has tremendous longevity, currently living as a 408 year old individual.
Weapons
[
]
He was shown using a longsword in an attempt to stab a sleeping Charlotte Linlin.
History
[
]
Some time ago, Jarul and
Jorul
were the captains of the
Giant Warrior Pirates
, and the two fought alongside each other for three centuries.
However, they eventually left the crew and the title was passed on to
Dorry
and
Brogy
.
Sixty-three years before the present day, Jarul and Jorul went to Warland Village on
Elbaph
together in order to partake in a feast with the residents of
Sheep's House
before the
Winter Solstice Festival
. They commended
Raideen
on training
Hajrudin
to be a strong warrior. The feast then began, and the villagers partook in eating
semla
.
On the seventh day of the 12-day fast, an incident occurred where Linlin devastated an Elbaph village due to her craving sickness and fatally injured Jorul, the giants were able to calm Linlin by giving her semla. After Linlin fell asleep, Jarul prepared to kill her but
Carmel
stood in his way, pleading the elder giant to spare her on the condition that she would leave Elbaph with Linlin. Jarul accepted Carmel's terms and angrily told her to leave.
He later visited the graves of Jorul and a few other giants.
Jarul remains alive in the present day.