Introduction
Gallery
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Misc.
For the chapter and episode of the same name with his epithet, see
Chapter 528
and
Episode 430
.
The subject of this article is sometimes called
"Jinbei" or "Jimbei"
.
"Knight of the Sea" Jinbe
is the
helmsman
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
He is the tenth member of the crew and the ninth to join, doing so during the
Wano Country Arc
.
Jinbe is a
whale shark
fish-man
and a powerful master of
Fish-Man Karate
. His dream is to fulfill his former captain
Fisher Tiger
's dying wish of coexistence and equality between humans and fish-men. He was a member of the
Sun Pirates
, eventually becoming its second
captain
after the death of their original captain, Tiger.
He eventually became one of the
Seven Warlords of the Sea
, though he resigned during the
Summit War of Marineford
.
Vegapunk
later
cloned
Jinbe as one of the
Seraphim
,
S-Shark
, to replace the Warlords.
Prior to and amidst said war, Jinbe befriended
Monkey D. Luffy
, and two years later allied with him and his crew to prevent the
New Fish-Man Pirates
' coup d'état against the
Ryugu Kingdom
's
Neptune Royal Family
. Luffy thereafter invited him to join the Straw Hat Pirates, but Jinbe held it off until severing ties with
Big Mom
during the
Whole Cake Island Arc
.
After staying behind in
Totto Land
to protect the Sun Pirates from Big Mom's wrath, Jinbe returned to the Straw Hats during the Wano Country Arc, officially announcing his status as a member of the crew.
He first gained a bounty of
76,000,000 due to him being a member of the Sun Pirates. It was later increased to
250,000,000 after Jinbe became the new captain of the Sun Pirates before it was frozen after he joined the Seven Warlords. Upon resigning his position as a Warlord at the Summit War of Marineford, his bounty was reinstated at
438,000,000.
Following the
Raid on Onigashima
, his bounty was increased to
1,100,000,000.
Appearance
Jinbe is a large blue whale shark fish-man and the current tallest member of the Straw Hat Pirates. He has a stocky build similar to that of a sumo wrestler and a face that is commonly associated with various Japanese demons such as the
oni
. His yellow eyebrows and sideburns are distinctly shaped like those found on such demons, in addition to a bulb-like nose and an angular lower lip pointing upwards. He has a lightning-shaped scar that can be seen from his left sideburn and reaching over his left eye which he obtained sometime between Otohime's assassination and meeting Ace. He also possesses two tusk-like conical lower fangs associated with Oni as well; the rest of his teeth from the upper and lower rows are pretty much the same, albeit much smaller. He also has a severe underbite, which makes room for his huge fangs.
He has long, two-toned black hair, with two long stripes, colored gold in the manga and white in the anime, coming from the roots over his forehead and trailing down the back, a topknot, and tuft of hair on his chin with a slight green hue. This topknot did not exist during his time as a member of the Sun Pirates, instead his shorter and flowing black hair trails off halfway to a light color concentrated at the back of his head. He kept his chin clean-shaven before joining the Sun Pirates, after which it gradually grew out over time. His hands and feet are also webbed, typical for a fish-man, and his limbs that are somewhat thin in comparison with his enormous girth. His gills (which are pale and pinkish in color) are in between his shoulders and neck.
Under his pale red coat (which he swaps for a black one two years later), he appears to be wearing a
Coral
colored
traditional Japanese clothing
covered all over with black and white square-shaped patterns with the black and white layers alternating each other (beginning with the black outline from the edge) and ending with a dark square at the middle of each and every one of them. He also ties this attire up with a purple
obi
like a ribbon around his waist.
Jinbe is often seen wearing different traditional kimono of varying patterns: he wore a karakusa and later a floral design during his time as a member of the Sun Pirates; he wore square designs during his debut and a plain one after the Summit War of Marineford. Four years ago, when fighting against Ace, he wore a black gi instead with fish designs on either side of the chest, and a red sash with a tanto tied to it.
Two years after the war, while waiting for Luffy at the
Sea Forest
, his kimono has leaf-patterns. During
Caribou
's
cover story
, he is seen in another one patterned with flowers. For footwear, he appears to wear simple
geta
on his webbed feet. His Sun Pirates tattoo is on the middle of his chest. During the
Whole Cake Island Arc
, his kimono is yellow and has a Jolly Roger design arranged like stripes. Additionally, he is also wearing an orange-colored coat. In the
Wano Country Arc
, his kimono is yellow with large orange and white diamonds patterned on it, a red sash, and his coat has a wave design, colored a dark purple that becomes progressively lighter and finally white at the ends of the sleeves and bottom.
Like everyone else participating in the
Raid on Onigashima
,
Kin'emon
briefly gave Jinbe a
Beasts Pirates
disguise.
After leaving Wano, Jinbe wore a black kimono with white skull patterns as well purple belt. He also wore a pink and green robe with flower patterns.
In the
Egghead Arc
, Jinbe wears a hooded pink Hawaiian shirt with an orange and yellow floral pattern, a pair of shorts, an earpiece, and a pair of orange DOM shoes.
He wore a Neptune Army uniform while he was serving as a soldier and was often seen smoking a pipe back then.
During Otohime's funeral, Jinbe wore a suit.
In
SBS Volume 63
, Oda draws the Seven Warlords of the Sea as children. Jinbe as a child is seen with blonde hair wearing a tattered gi practicing his Fish-Man Karate. He already had a black belt at this age.
He briefly returns to his childhood self early in the
Egghead Arc
thanks to
Jewelry Bonney's
Devil Fruit powers, albeit retaining the scar over his eye.