For other subjects with this name, see
John (Disambiguation)
.
Captain John
was a famous
pirate
captain who was once a member of the infamous
Rocks Pirates
prior to forming his own crew.
He was notable for collecting one of the most significant
treasures
in the
world
; his fabled treasure cave and the riches within, which are notably long sought after by
Buggy
.
After his death, his corpse was found by Dr.
Hogback
and modified into one of the
General Zombies
for
Gecko Moria
.
Appearance
John's appearance in life.
In life and death, John is typically seen drinking alcohol. As a
zombie
, He has grey-brown skin with long light pink hair, and wears a white shirt with bandages. He wears a red coat, with yellow shoulder pads, and pink on the end of the sleeves. His pants have vertical white and black stripes, and he has two swords stuck in his stomach from when he died. His face looks roughly like Dr.
Kureha
, especially because of his ever-present bottle.
Personality
In life, John was such an incredibly greedy and loathsome person that his own crew declared mutiny and killed him due to his ways.
Notably, he was already a heavy drunkard, much like his zombie counterpart.
As a
zombie
, John has the personality of a drunkard due to the shadow animating him. He is incredibly lazy, and most of the time, he has a hard time following orders. Because of his drunken personality and constant drinking, he is thus called "Sluggish Captain John".
Abilities and Powers
During life, John was a member of the very powerful
Rocks Pirates
, and eventually made a name for himself after he left and formed his own crew.
However, he wasn't a very effective leader, as he was killed by his own crew when they mutinied on him.
As a
zombie
, he was nearly invincible, his only weakness being salt. With his corpse being used by
Hogback
to create a
General Zombie
, he probably was a very powerful and feared
pirate
.
Weapons
He carried two
swords
on each side of his waist.
History
Biography and Post-Mortem
John arrives at God Valley alongside his crewmates.
In his lifetime, John was once a member of the violent pirate crew known as
Rocks Pirates
. 38 years ago, John participated in the
God Valley Incident
, alongside his crewmates. He reminded everyone not to forget their primary objective on the island, while also drinking and laughing about the treasure belonging to him.
It is unknown if he left before or after
Rocks D. Xebec
's death.
At some point John later became a
pirate captain
himself and managed to build a large amount of
treasure
. When he decided to keep the treasure for himself rather than share it with his crew, they turned on him and he died via multiple stab wounds to the chest. However, his treasure was never found and became the subject of one of the great myths. Among those who decided to look for his lost treasure was
Buggy
.
After his death, John's corpse eventually came into the possession of Dr.
Hogback
. With Hogback's surgical skills and
Moria
's
Devil Fruit
powers, the corpse of John was modified into a
zombie
with a shadow of a drunkard animating him. As he was modified, a glass armband of his was added to Moria's riches.
Thriller Bark Saga
Thriller Bark Arc
Later on, he was sent with the other
General Zombies
to capture the
Straw Hat Pirates
, but they eluded them.
Afterwards, he, along with all the others, attended
Absalom
's "
wedding
". Soon after,
Oars
changed the course of the ship and the General Zombies were sent to deal with him and were crushed. Later, as he laid crushed alongside the other General Zombies, the shadow animating him was recalled by Moria and implanted into himself along with the other shadows he stole.
Legacy
Captain John's armband.
Monkey D. Luffy
found John's armband amidst Moria's riches and took it not knowing that it was in reality a
map
to John's loot.
Buggy recognized the fabled T-mark during their time together in
Impel Down
. After some slight assistance from the clown pirate in exchange for the armband, the fabled map was given to the eager pirate.