Kairen
is a
righteye flounder
mermaid
and an employee of the
Mermaid Cafe
.
Appearance
[
]
Kairen is a mermaid with a somewhat wide face, red lipstick, and long, flowing blonde hair. She wears a white, revealing bikini, with a purple stripe-like pattern on it, that looks similar to the marine's "MÖWE" logo.
Personality
[
]
Like all other mermaids, Kairen is kind and caring, and is apparently fun loving.  She even seems to like Sanji like the rest of her friends.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
Being a mermaid, Kairen has several abilities unique to her race. It is not yet shown but she may have the ability to talk to fish and call out to them using sonar waves, which is one of the basic abilities found in all mermaids and some Fish-Men. Apart from the ability to breathe underwater, as a mermaid she also has the ability to swim very quickly at speeds much faster than the flying fish used by the
Flying Fish Riders
. However, like any mermaid, she is vulnerable on land.
She also appears to be a skilled dancer.
History
[
]
Fish-Man Island Arc
[
]
Kairen playing with Sanji underwater.
Kairen and her friends first appeared in
Mermaid Cove
, welcoming the
Straw Hat Pirates
when
Camie
brought them there for a visit. When the three princes arrived to inquire the crew's illegal entry into Fish-Man Island, the mermaids denied the crew was there, hiding them. However, when the crew's presence were made known anyways by
Sanji
's nosebleed and
Hammond
's attack, the princes made it clear that they were simply trying to deliver
Jinbe
's message to
Monkey D. Luffy
.
After
Ishilly
,
Fillonce
and another mermaid were kidnapped by
Caribou
, Kairen and the others wondered where they went off to and they had no clue of what happened to them. The only thing they did know was that Ishilly was opening a barrel.
Kairen and her friends bidding the Straw Hats goodbye.
After the civil war between the Straw Hats and the
New Fish-Man Pirates
ended, Kairen and her friends danced at the
Ryugu Palace
banquet in honor of the Straw Hats' victory, and saw them off when they departed to the
New World
.