The subject of this article is sometimes referred to as
"Kumacy"
.
Kumashi
was a stuffed bear zombie of the
Thriller Bark Pirates
who acted as
Perona
's servant
and the commander-in-chief of the
Wild Zombies
prior to being purified by
Usopp
.
Appearance
Kumashi is a large
Wild Zombie
resembling a patchworked teddy bear. His body is composed of white, light blue, and orange cloth with bandages over his lower body, legs, and arms. He wears an oversized white and blue cap on his head and a surgical mask over his mouth, he also has bloodshot eyes suggesting he doesn't have eyelids.
There is a zipper on his back that leads to his hollow interior, which is spacious enough that
Usopp
,
Nami
, and
Tony Tony Chopper
all hid within Kumashi at the same time.
Personality
Kumashi was very loyal to Perona and would brutally attack anyone who tried to harm her,
though he frequently forgot that she did not want him to speak, leading her to angrily berate him for doing so.
Like most
zombies
, he was afraid of fire.
Abilities and Powers
As commander-in-chief of the
Wild Zombies
, Kumashi had authority over all the unranked Wild Zombies and Vice-Commander
Gallant Hippo
, only superseded in authority by
Perona
herself.
As a
zombie
, Kumashi could not feel pain.
He possessed immense strength superior to that of a normal bear,
allowing him to tear up solid stone with his strikes
and send an opponent crashing into the ground with enough force to crater it with a single swipe.
He also possessed considerable physical speed, as noted by
Usopp
, whom he was able to easily keep up with while pursuing him.
History
Past
Sometime after
Hogback
met
Perona
ten years prior to the
Straw Hat Pirates
arriving on
Thriller Bark
, Hogback created Kumashi and modeled him after Perona's teddy bear at Perona's behest.
When
Brook
began purifying zombies
Thriller Bark
five years prior to the Straw Hats' arrival, Kumashi tried to inform Perona of what was occurring, only to be yelled at for waking her up.
Thriller Bark Saga
Thriller Bark Arc
As
Perona
began returning her spirit to her body in the form of the
Negative Hollows
that had been observing
Thriller Bark
, Kumashi welcomed her back, prompting Perona to berate him for speaking due to his deep voice before declaring that they were heading out.
After
Ryuma
incapacitated
Nami
,
Usopp
, and
Tony Tony Chopper
, Perona informed Kumashi that the
Risky Brothers
were carrying the defeated Straw Hats in coffins and ordered him to take the coffins to the dance hall. After berating Kumashi for voicing his confirmation, Perona told Kumashi that she would be commanding the treasure recovery group at the
Thousand Sunny
and ordered him to notify her if something happened, prompting Kumashi to wave at her before wishing her a good trip, only for Perona to berate him once more.
Nami, Usopp, and Chopper hide within Kumashi.
However, after escaping from the
Wild Zombies
, Nami, Usopp, and Chopper found Kumashi and hid within him using the zipper on his back, which he could not reach. When
Absalom
greeted him while searching for the Straw Hats, Kumashi tried to tell him that they were hiding in his body, but Absalom interrupted him and demanded to know if he had seen them. Kumashi greeted Perona when she returned and tried to inform her as well, but Perona angrily scolded him for talking once more, leaving the pirates' presence unknown.
After
Monkey D. Luffy
was captured, Kumashi accompanied Perona to a meeting with the other members of the Mysterious Four, where he once again tried to reveal that Nami, Usopp, and Chopper were hiding within him, only to be prevented from doing so by Perona once again demanding that he not speak before watching alongside the others as
Gecko Moria
cut off
Luffy's shadow.
When Nami, Usopp, and Chopper reacted to what had just happened, Perona believed Kumashi was talking again and scolded him once more. Soon afterward, Kumashi accompanied Perona and the rest of the
Mysterious Four
to the freezer containing the corpse of
Oars
.
Kumashi watched as Moria implanted Luffy's shadow into Oars's corpse. When Oars suddenly opened his eyes and roared, Nami, Usopp, and Chopper fell out of Kumashi in sheer terror, causing a surprised Perona to demand to know if Kumashi had been hiding them all along.
As the
Soldier Zombies
brought tons of food for Oars to consume, Perona demanded to know why Kumashi was hiding the Straw Hats, only to shut down his attempt to explain the situation by berating him for talking.
When the Straw Hats began rampaging through the mansion after waking up those who had their shadows taken, Kumashi followed Perona to her room after she declared that she would subdue the pirates with her Negative Hollows.
Soon afterward, Kumashi was present when Perona was confronted by
Roronoa Zoro
,
Sanji
, Usopp, and
Franky
, but merely watched as Usopp let the others go on ahead.
When Perona attempted to hit Usopp with four Negative Hollows at once, the effects ended up backfiring, leading to her apologizing to a surprised Kumashi.
Sogeking purifies Kumashi.
Shortly afterward, Kumashi pursued Usopp as he was chasing after Perona and angrily forbade him from laying a hand on Perona before attacking him with multiple powerful swipes of his arms. However, Usopp managed to scare him off with a ball of fire and prevented Kumashi from pursuing him any further with a wall of flames.
A few minutes later, Kumashi caught up with Usopp, who had been heavily battered by Perona's Mini Hollows, and began mercilessly beating him into the ground. Suddenly,
Sogeking
took over and shoved a salt ball into Kumashi's mouth, purifying him, to Perona's shock and anger.
Fish-Man Island Saga
From the Decks of the World
Perona finds Kumashi's corpse.
After Moria's defeat and the abandonment of Thriller Bark, Kumashi's corpse remained on the ship and was found by Perona after she returned.
Wano Country Saga
Wano Country Arc
Perona took Kumashi's body back to
Kuraigana Island
. When she decided to leave after reading about
Moria
in the newspaper, she carried Kumashi with her.
Major Battles
Kumashi vs.
Usopp
Anime and Manga Differences
In the manga, Perona is shown to carry the real Kumashi's body when telling Mihawk of her decision to leave.
In the anime, she is holding the smaller Kumashi-like stuffed animal she had in the
Return to Sabaody Arc
.
Perona with Kumashi.
Perona with the stuffed animal.
Support Appearances
One Piece: Dance Battle
One Piece: Burning Blood
Enemy Appearances
Kung-Fu Dugong Unison March
External Links
Teddy Bear
– Wikipedia article about teddy bears.