Lulis
is a
marine angelfish
mermaid
and is an employee at
Mermaid Cafe
.
Appearance
[
]
Lulis without her diving mask.
Lulis is a mermaid with an orange-red tail that has lighter zig-zag like straps along it. Her orange wavy long hair is relatively straight until it curls in the ends.
She wears a golden-border red bikini top. She also wears a diving mask with a snorkel as a headband. Since mermaids can breathe underwater, they're most likely just accessories.
Personality
[
]
Like all other mermaids, Lulis is kind and caring, and is apparently fun loving. Like the rest of her friends, she seems to like Sanji.   She was amazed when Luffy using
Supreme King Haki
made the Sea Bear give up without putting a fight.
Abilities
[
]
Being a mermaid, Lulis has several abilities unique to her race. It is not yet shown but she may have the ability to talk to fish and call out to them using sonar waves, which is one of the basic abilities found in all mermaids and some Fish-Men. Apart from the ability to breathe underwater, as a mermaid she also has the ability to swim very quickly at speeds much faster than the flying fish used by the
Flying Fish Riders
. However like any mermaid, she is vulnerable on land.
She also appears to be a skilled dancer, as she is dancing during the banquet for the Straw Hat Pirates.
History
[
]
Fish-Man Island Arc
[
]
Lulis and her friends first appeared in
Mermaid Cove
, welcoming the
Straw Hat Pirates
when
Camie
brought them there for a visit. When the three princes arrived to inquire the crew's illegal entry into Fish-Man Island, the mermaids denied the crew was there, hiding them. However, when the crew's presence were made known anyways by
Sanji
's nosebleed and
Hammond
's attack, the princes made it clear that they were simply trying to deliver
Jinbe
's message to
Monkey D. Luffy
.
Later, Lulis,
Ishilly
, and
Fillonce
were kidnapped by
Caribou
when they opened the barrel containing him.
Lulis and her friends bidding the Straw Hats goodbye.
They were later discovered safe in the Ryugu Royal Palace.
After the civil war between the Straw Hats and the
New Fish-Man Pirates
ended, Lulis and her friends danced at the
Ryugu Palace
banquet in honor of the Straw Hats' victory, and saw them off when they departed to the
New World
.