Makino
is a bartender from
Monkey D. Luffy
's home town,
Foosha Village
. She is the owner of
Partys Bar
and the mother of an unknown
child
.
Appearance
Makino is a young woman of average height with brown eyes and black hair (dark green in the anime) that goes up to just above her shoulders. When she was first introduced, ten years before the current storyline, she wore a yellow kerchief, an orange blouse with black sleeves and a long light blue skirt and orange sneakers with white soles. Although her clothing changes with her appearances, they are usually similar to the ones she was introduced with. By the time she met Ace, she wore a white blouse with no sleeves, and underneath it a pink-striped shirt.
Twenty two years ago, her appearance was the same as it is now except her bandana around her head was yellow and covered her forehead more.
Personality
Makino is a very kind woman and she was a close friend of
Shanks
, his crew, and Luffy. Makino appears to be a very prominent figure in Foosha Village.
Her fondness for Luffy makes her appear as an adoptive mother or adoptive sister, showing interest in and supporting whatever Luffy's dream is. She seems content with whatever lifestyle Luffy chooses so long as he is happy and amongst friends. She also gave him food under the joke about him running up a "treasure tab".
She seems to have a listener's ear and often appears alongside
Woop Slap
whenever he discusses Luffy's dream while the rest of the village seems too busy celebrating his success as a pirate.
Relationships
Friends
Monkey D. Luffy
Makino is well acquainted with
Luffy
, having known him since he was a child. When Luffy left on his journey, Makino stated how much she would miss him. She has been keeping up to date with his exploits. After Ace's death, Makino was deeply upset when Dadan told her that he was suffering the most. After the timeskip, Makino was pleased to hear that Luffy returned and a short time later when his bounty had risen.
Shanks
Makino is on good terms with
Shanks
and his crew, having them once as guests at her bar.
Curly Dadan
Makino treats
Dadan
as one of the regular customer at the Partys bar and often paid a visit to her house during Luffy and Ace's childhood times, often delivery imported ale and even food for Dadan's group. She also stopped Dadan from harming Garp further after the Marineford War, saying that Garp also grieved over Ace's death.
Portgas D. Ace
Wanting to thank Shanks properly,
Ace
turned to Makino to learn proper manners. Makino felt amused although he was quite aggravated by her response. She was also saddened over Ace's death.
Monkey D. Garp
Makino is on good terms with
Garp
as well as she often saw Garp disciplined Luffy and Ace at Dadan's house during his vacation. Makino defended Garp from Dadan after the Marineford War, stating that Garp also grieved over Ace's death.
Sabo
Makino apparently had a good relationship with
Sabo
during their younger days, as she became very distressed 12 years after his presumed death, where she read of him allegedly assassinating
King Cobra
.
History
Past
24 years ago, Makino was playing when
Woop Slap
asked her where Garp had gone, and she informed him that he had gone to the mountains.
Makino first appeared in the story 12 years ago, serving Luffy, Shanks, and his crew at
Partys Bar
. She was one of the only two villagers who dared approach the bandit
Higuma
when he took Luffy after she ran to look for the mayor, the other being the mayor himself.
Ace irritated at Makino's amusement.
During Ace and Luffy's childhood under
Curly Dadan
's care, she appeared to have brought some new clothes for them and
Sabo
. In the background, there seemed to be several males looking at her (in a manner similar to
Sanji
when he meets a pretty lady) implying she was very popular in the town and seemed to spoil Luffy as she told Luffy to keep things a secret from Garp.
Later, while bringing some imported ale to the bandit's hideout, Ace asked her the proper way to make an introduction since he wanted to meet Shanks after hearing so much about him from Luffy. After Ace explained his reason to her, she just rested her head in her hand and looked at him endearingly, causing Ace to blush and asked what she was doing. She then laughed and started to answer Ace's question. Makino saw Ace leave on a small boat off the coast of Mt. Colubo.
The villagers watch as Luffy departs.
Makino was also present at Luffy's departure from their village via a small dinghy. She stated how much she would miss him.
East Blue Saga
Loguetown Arc
After Luffy received his first
bounty
of
30,000,000 for defeating
East Blue
's most fearsome pirates such as
Buggy
,
Don Krieg
, and
Arlong
, the
newspaper
report arrived in Foosha Village where Makino was working at an inn. At first, the citizens cheered that a local citizen was famous, but
Woop Slap
quelled the cheering, saying it was shameful.
Water 7 Saga
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
Makino was seen once again talking to the mayor when Luffy earned his
300,000,000 bounty. She remarked that
Luffy's "pet"
is cute and that he had found
great friends
and seemed to be having fun.
Summit War Saga
Post-War Arc
Makino stops Dadan from hitting Garp.
When
Garp
established a Marine Headquarters at Foosha Village to protect the town from the sudden rise in pirate and bandit violence after the Battle of Marineford, Makino stopped Dadan from beating Garp over the death of
Ace
.
She commented on how Garp was suffering from Ace's death worse than anyone. Dadan responded by saying that Luffy was the one who was suffering the most. This triggered a memory of a time with Ace and Luffy when she was commenting on Ace's rudeness. This caused her to break into tears and run off.
Fish-Man Island Saga
From the Decks of the World
During the Straw Hats' absence, Makino had a
child
. She was seen in Foosha Village holding her baby while the citizens rejoiced about Luffy's return.
Whole Cake Island Saga
From the Decks of the World: The 500,000,000 Man Arc
When the news of Luffy's new bounty after his victory over
Doflamingo
reached
Dawn Island
, the people of
Foosha Village
celebrated along with the
Dadan Family
.
The following events are
Non-Canon
and therefore not considered part of the
Canon
story.
Levely Arc
She appeared looking towards the sea, with her child in her arms, while she wondered how Luffy was doing. At that moment,
Woop Slap
appeared complaining that Luffy had reappeared in the
newspaper
, surprising her when he showed the news about the
events in Totto Land
.
Concludes non-canon section.
Wano Country Saga
Wano Country Arc
After the Levely, Makino read some distressing news concerning Sabo. She was so upset that she closed her bar for the day.
The following events are
Non-Canon
and therefore not considered part of the
Canon
story.
The Legendary Log! Red-Haired Shanks!
Makino stood in
Partys Bar
with
her child
while
Woop Slap
read the
newspaper
. When Woop Slap let slip that he was looking for news on
Shanks
, to see if he was doing alright, Makino reassured him that the pirate was probably fine, and reminisced about his time in
Foosha Village
.
She was pulled out of her imagination when Woop Slap commented on an article announcing
Uta
's concert on
Elegia
, and reminded him of Uta's identity as Shanks' daughter. Thinking back to her disappearance, she concluded that she must have worked hard to achieve her dream.
One Piece Film: Red
Makino worked in
Partys Bar
, and played
Where the Wind Blows
on an early
phonograph
to cheers from her customers.
Concludes non-canon section.
Final Saga
Egghead Arc
As civilians in Foosha Village reacted to the news of Garp's disappearance on
Hachinosu
, Makino agreed with Woop Slap's assurance that Garp would be fine. She noted that her baby was beginning to recognize Luffy's face from his numerous appearances in the
newspaper
.