Introduction
Gallery
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Non-Canon
Misc.
For the chapter of the same name, see
Chapter 8
.
"Cat Burglar" Nami
is the
navigator
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
She is the third member of the crew and the second to join, doing so during the
Orange Town Arc
.
She is the adoptive sister of
Nojiko
after the two were orphaned and taken in by
Bell-mère
.
She was formerly a member of the
Arlong Pirates
who initially joined the Straw Hats to rob them in order to buy back
her village
from
Arlong
, and served as a supporting antagonist during the
Baratie Arc
. However, she legitimately joined the Straw Hats after they defeated Arlong. Her dream is to make a
map
of the entire
world
.
She first gained a bounty of
16,000,000 following the raid on
Enies Lobby
. It later increased to
66,000,000 after the
Dressrosa Arc
. Following the
Raid on Onigashima
, her bounty was increased to
366,000,000.
Quick Answers
What role does Nami play in the Straw Hat Pirates?
Nami is the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates. Nami guides the ship's direction and course. Nami gives orders to the whole crew when necessary to keep the ship and the crew safe.
Provided by: Community
How did Nami become a member of the Straw Hat Pirates?
Initially, Nami entered an alliance with the Straw Hat Pirates to rob Buggy, recognizing Luffy's strength. Luffy claimed her as their navigator. After encountering an image of Arlong, she betrayed the crew and stole their treasure and ship, returning to work for Arlong. However, the Straw Hats pursued her, defeating the Arlong Pirates, which freed Nami from her obligation and solidified her position as the second crewmate.
Provided by: Community
Who is Nami's adoptive sister?
Nojiko is the adoptive sister of Nami, a character in the One Piece series. They were both taken in by Bell-mère, who discovered Nojiko with baby Nami and chose to adopt them. Nojiko was conscious of their adoption status and frequently backed Nami's thieving tendencies, leading to Bell-mère's frustration.
Provided by: Fandom
Why did Nami initially join the Straw Hats?
Nami, originally part of the Arlong Pirates, joined the Straw Hats after seeing the strength and honor in Luffy. She initially recruited him for a theft from Buggy. Following the defeat of the Arlong Pirates by the Straw Hats, Nami was liberated from her past ties and fully embraced her role as the crew's navigator, becoming the second member of Luffy's crew.
Provided by: Fandom
What is the significance of Nami's 'Cat Burglar' nickname?
The 'Cat Burglar' nickname of Nami, the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates, signifies her exceptional thieving skills. She often steals valuables from distracted ships or bases, a talent acknowledged by the World Government. Initially a member of the Arlong Pirates, she joined the Straw Hats during the Orange Town Arc.
Provided by: Fandom
Appearance
[
]
Further information:
Nami/Gallery
Nami is a slim young woman of average height with ginger (orange) hair and brown eyes. Many characters seem to consider her to be an attractive woman.
She has a black tattoo (blue in the anime)
on her left shoulder, which represents
mikan
, and pinwheels (a homage to
Bell-mère
,
Nojiko
, and
Genzo
, respectively), where she used to have a tattoo for being a member of
Arlong
's crew.
Her overall physique matures slowly throughout the series and then suddenly during the timeskip (though this is most likely a simple change in style of artwork). Her fashion frequently changes as does her hair style. Many of her shirts feature four-letter words, such as "Gold" or "EVIL", similar to a shirt that Bell-mère once wore that had "MACE" on it. On her left wrist, she wears the
Log Pose
, which she needs in order to be the navigator of the ship, and a gold bracelet, given to her by her sister, Nojiko.
After the
Arlong Park Arc
, Nami frequently changes into a variety of clothes in the series for each arc, and usually pairs her tops with skirts that have two rings on the sides. Her trademark shoes are orange high-heeled gladiator sandals. Nami wears some form of high heels in every arc, and while they do make her taller, they do not seem to affect the way she walks or her speed. Though she tends to style her hair neatly, occasionally, a hair on top of her head may form into a messy cowlick.
She wears a strap around her thigh with three slots in it which she keeps each pole of her bo staff and later the
Clima-Tact
in.
Before the Timeskip
[
]
Before the
Syrup Village Arc
, Nami wore her trademark orange miniskirt with two white rings on each side filled in with orange or brown in their centers and shirts with short sleeves that were long enough to hide her tattoo on her left shoulder that showed that she was a member of the
Arlong Pirates
. She also had short hair with a particularly curled strand over the left side of her face.
During the
Romance Dawn Arc
to the Syrup Village Arc, Nami's initial trademark look consisted of a white and blue striped shirt, her trademark orange mini-skirt and brown high-heeled boots.
During the
Baratie Arc
, she wore a pink shirt with the letters "W" and a lowercase "B" in the center in a circle in white. The shirt has white liners and two lines along the sleeves. She also wore her yellow miniskirt, and brown high-heeled boots.
During the Arlong Park Arc, Nami wore a green camisole with dark green flower shapes, tight black pants with two yellow rings on the sides, and light orange high-heeled sandals. Nami temporarily put on a glove to hide the fact she had stabbed her hand when pretending to murder
Usopp
but quit wearing it once the truth was exposed. She also wore
Monkey D. Luffy
's straw hat for a while before it was later returned to him. After the arc, she wore a plain white shirt with a blue miniskirt with two white rings on the sides. For the first time, she wore sleeveless clothing that exposed her Arlong Pirates tattoo, but later, in a fit of uncontrollable rage, Nami later stabbed her tattoo relentlessly in an attempt to destroy it, until Luffy stopped her by force. She eventually asked
Dr. Nako
to remove it, but the doctor couldn't erase it entirely, leaving a visible scar; the scar had been caused from both Nami repeatedly wounding herself in the arm and the indelible nature of the tattoo. Nami chose to cover it up by getting a new tattoo which was a cross between a tangerine and a pinwheel, in honor of both Bell-mère and Genzo. Nojiko also gave her a gold bracelet as a keepsake before she departed from her home, which Nami began to wear regularly on her left wrist ever since.
During the
Loguetown Arc
, she wore a plain navy blue, short-sleeved shirt, a dark blue mini-skirt with white rings on the sides, and navy blue high-heeled sandals.
During the
Warship Island Arc
to the
Reverse Mountain Arc
, she wore a sleeveless baby blue shirt with a light heart in the center with a crisscross design, a dark blue mini-skirt, and her regular light brown high-heeled sandals. She also received a
Log Pose
from
Crocus
and began to wear it regularly on her left wrist, the same one with her gold bracelet.
During the
Whisky Peak Arc
, she wore a black shirt with the word "MODE" printed in the center in pink with the base in a pink mesh-like design, her regular yellow skirt and her high-heeled sandals.
During the
Little Garden Arc
, she wore a simple, long-sleeved shirt with blue sleeves, her yellow skirt, and her high-heeled sandals. After escaping
Mr. 3
's Giant Candle Service Set, her shirt was burnt and revealed a black, lacy brassiere underneath. She also wore
Sanji
's jacket to cover up, before changing on the Merry.
During the
Drum Island Arc
, she wore several outfits. In the beginning, Nami wore a pale blue, short-sleeved cotton sweater, her yellow skirt and high-heeled sandals. While Luffy and Sanji carried her to be treated by Dr.
Kureha
(she caught a fever in the previous arc), Nami wore a checkered, hooded parka with the colors white, orange and bright yellow (which Luffy later donned). She wore pale blue pajamas while recovering at Dr. Kureha's home, and a light purple blanket with light brown fur lining it when she ventured out of her room. In the end, Nami wore a long, maroon coat with fur on the hood, collar and hem, and maroon high-heeled winter boots.
During the
Arabasta Arc
, she wore white overalls to protect her skin while in the desert, she retired these clothes during her fight with
Zala
to reveal a dancer like outfit (which Sanji had bought her earlier in the arc) after Paula damaged them. This outfit consisted of a blue and purple halter top with a pink shroud and a long white skirt with the top part blue, Nami later tore the skirt up the side to make it easier for her to run. Finally, Nami wore a long-sleeved white shirt with a brown skirt to match all of these with her normal high heels.
During the
Jaya Arc
, Nami wore a blue and white striped tank top with her usual skirt and high heels.
During the first part of the
Skypiea Arc
, while exploring Angel Beach and Upper Yard, she wore a bikini top that was designed in a cloud pattern colored in blue, light blue and white. She paired her top with maroon trousers and went barefoot. After returning from Upper Yard, she threw on a light yellow short-sleeved shirt over her bikini and put on her orange high-heeled sandals. Sanji notably showed dismay when Nami put on the shirt. She also wore glasses for a small period of time, and upon doing so, tied her hair back in pigtails to keep it out of her eyes, leaving it tied up for the remainder of her return trip to the Upper Yard. Nami eventually changed back out of her shirt when she had to dive into water and stayed in her bikini; Sanji was pleased to see Nami had removed it. She finally changed into a gray, zippered camisole with the word "EVIL" imprinted on it in big blue letters, blue cutoff jeans, and a dark gray pair of sandals.
During the
Long Ring Long Land Arc
she wore a black tank top revealing her navel with the word gold on it, she also wore white jeans with two rings on the side, a bracelet, and her regular high heels.
During the
Water 7 Arc
, she sported two outfits. The first one was a dark blue, short-sleeved shirt with a light blue tie that had three rows of black dots decorated diagonally at the end. She complemented her top with a white pleated skirt with golden rings on the sides and dark blue high heel gladiator sandals. After Luffy's fight with Usopp, Nami changed into a violet camisole with the number "3" imprinted on it in white, a white pleated mini-skirt, and her default high-heeled sandals.
During the
Enies Lobby Arc
, she wore black high-heeled gladiator sandals, a brown cleavage-revealing blouse that exposes her abdomen with cream-colored liners and a pale blue, pleated mini-skirt. Initially, she also had on a blue denim jacket, but this was later caught and pierced by
Kumadori
's staff. This caused her to be pinned down, making Nami strip off the jacket and abandon it so she could run away.
In the
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
, she wore a yellow mini-dress with a hood and her default orange high-heeled sandals.
During the
Thriller Bark Arc
, she sported many outfits. One of them was a pink, long-sleeved sweater with a white collar, a pleated brown mini-skirt, and brown high-heeled boots. She later wore a strapless, long wedding gown and white high-heeled pumps. She tied her hair into a short ponytail. She seemed to have abandoned the sandals for high-heeled boots as of Chapter 435, but she started using sandals again by the end of the arc.
For the
Sabaody Archipelago Arc
, Nami wore an orange shirt with an orange floral pattern, white short shorts, and her high-heeled sandals. Nami's clothes consisted of a pink shirt, jean shorts, and high heels for the
Straw Hat's Separation Serial
.
After the Timeskip
[
]
From the
Return to Sabaody Arc
through the
Fish-Man Island Arc
, Nami's appearance has undergone a few significant changes, including her hair having grown rather long, reaching down her lower back with a single long hair stand hanging on the left side with bangs still hanging over her forehead. Her breasts have also grown much larger/rounder similar to
Nico Robin
's, but apart from this, her appearance has not changed much, save for the fact that both her body curves and hourglass figure have become more pronounced. Oddly, Nami's face is now drawn to look younger with her eyes bigger (with the irises now showing), droopier and placed lower on her face; though this may be from the art style evolving. She also has grown slightly taller. After the timeskip, her outfit consists of a revealing green and white bikini halter top, tight low-rider jeans (that expose a bit of her hips and rear), orange high-heeled sandals and a pair of pearl-like earrings that she constantly wears. Ever since arriving to the New World, Nami sports a new belt that is black with a "
" symbol on it where she can also keep the pieces of her
Sorcery Clima-Tact
on the right side and puts the belt around her waist when she is fighting seriously against an opponent.
Before leaving
Fish-Man Island
. she changed into a
Criminal
brand red halter top and tied her hair back in two ponytails behind her with blue bands, as well as removed her belt. The
Minister of the Left
also gave her a
New World Log Pose
to replace her old Log Pose, which had become unreliable due to the more unpredictable nature of magnetic fields coming from islands in the New World, which she began to wear henceforth. As the crew left the island Nami decided to unwind, undressed, and took a bath, but upon being interrupted during her bath due to the ship getting caught in a White Storm, she rushed out onto the deck only wearing a light blue hooded zippered sweatshirt over her body, as well as her new Log Pose, gold bracelet, pearl earrings. She also put on slip-on brown sandals; in the anime, she was only shown wearing them very briefly and ended up barefooted, losing her sandals when the Sunny passed through the White Storm.
At the start of the
Punk Hazard Arc
, when they arrived in the
New World
, Nami changed into a red and yellow Criminal brand bikini top with the same pair of blue jeans, belt, and high-heeled sandals. She also tied her hair back again, and temporarily wore a pink raincoat while in stormy waters. When she reached the cold side of
Punk Hazard
, Sanji gave her his jacket to stay warm. She was later given a long black double-breasted coat and a set of gloves by
Kin'emon
using his unnamed
Devil Fruit
power, but when Sanji was using her body after
Trafalgar Law
swapped their minds with his
Ope Ope no Mi
, he took them off to rescue Kin'emon's displaced torso from underwater, and they changed back into rocks. He had the samurai create a new set of winter attire, a tan coat with black fur and gloves. Inside
Caesar Clown
's lab, she shed the coat and gloves in the warmer conditions, causing them to revert back to rocks.
After returning to the Thousand Sunny, she changed into real and more personalized stylish winter clothing and also replaced the clothes which were not suited for the cold, putting on a high-collared black coat with three sets of gold buttons held together by straps, brown gloves, a set of black leggings instead of jeans, and in place of her sandals, a set of calf-high dark brown boots with white fur insulating the boots at the calves. Once the crew had sailed out of Punk Hazard into more pleasant conditions, she wore a pink sleeveless shirt with the word "HEAT" on it in red letters with a picture of candy below it, teal and white striped shorts, and her high-heeled sandals.
During the
Dressrosa Arc
, Nami's first outfit consists of a tank top and short shorts. Later, while playing a shogun scene on the Sunny, she wears a bikini top, a necklace with a star pendant, short shorts, and very high heels. After the crew had split up, she changed into a frilled halterneck and a pleated frilled skirt with round studs around the waistline and a small decorative bow in front. She wore her hair back in a ponytail with a scrunchie and kept her pearl earrings and high-heeled sandals.
While on
Zou
, Nami wore a sleeveless fancy purple dress covered in fancy pearls, which is a national treasure of Zou. She still wears her high-heeled sandals, and her hair is loose. When leaving Zou she wore a skirt and shirt with the number "73" on it and later a hooded fur coat when the crew was traveling in cold weather.
In the
Whole Cake Island Arc
, Nami bought a corset skirt and blouse, making her look like a "pretzel girl", which
Carrot
and Brook liked. Before landing on
Whole Cake Island
, Nami briefly wore a suit of armor with spears on the back (due to fighting ants all night) but changed out of it instantly. Later on, after her original outfit gets destroyed in a fire, she steals new clothes from an unconscious man lying nearby; blue overalls with very large, puffy pant legs along with a pink sash wrapped around her waist. When meeting with the
Fire Tank Pirates
, she wore a short, backless turtleneck red dress. After escaping Whole Cake Island, she wore a white long sleeve mini dress and donned another belt, similar to the one when arriving the New World, but brown; with her new upgraded
Clima-Tact
on the side of her waist.
In the
Wano Country Arc
, Nami first wore a dark-colored (light purple in the anime) dress with yellow outlines. She was later given a blue and orange revealing kunoichi outfit by Kin'emon. Her third outfit was a baby blue kimono with a dark-colored (pink in the anime) floral pattern, and wore her hair in a loose bun. Her fourth outfit consists of a red kunoichi outfit with a dark-colored (also pink in the anime) floral pattern, completely reminiscent to her first one, with the addition of an armor plate for her midsection, tied with a yellow ribbon, and flower decor on her hair, with her Clima-Tact hidden safely on her, even after the
weapon merges with the Homie
;
Zeus
. When Kin'emon used his Devil Fruit abilities again to disguise them, she wore a
Beasts Pirates
attire. During her respite following the
Raid on Onigashima
, she wears a greenish-blue kimono with a pinkish-white floral pattern, and later a pink one with a purple and white floral pattern. When leaving Wano, she wears reddish-orange overalls that end at her upper thighs, a bright yellow sweater, and her trademark sandals.
During the
Egghead Arc
, Nami is shown wearing a white leotard bodysuit with a hood and 'SSG' written in black on her left breast, a pale pink-and-blue earpiece, and a pair of pink DOM Shoes.
Body Measurements
[
]
The author has also answered to a fan's question asking about Nami's
body measurements
are as follows:
In
SBS Volume 6
, according to Sanji, her measurements were B86-W57-H86 (34"-22"-34"),
and in
SBS Volume 10
, according to
Eiichiro Oda
, her height was 169 cm (5'6").
Updated measurements were provided in
SBS Volume 37
, in which Oda then responded to a fan question by saying that her height was 169 cm (5'6"), and according to Sanji, her three measurements were B95-W55-H85 (37.4"-21.65"-33.46"),
making her breasts an I-cup in Japan.
These measurements were mentioned in the anime during the Thriller Bark Arc.
After the timeskip, in
SBS Volume 69
, her height is 170 cm (5'7"),
and her measurements are B98-W58-H88 (38.58"-22.83"-34.65"), making her breasts a J-cup in Japan.
Non-Canon
[
]
In
Episode 1
, she appears wearing a ballroom gown with pink lines, a red necklace and earrings, and a pink bracelet. Then, she appears in a pirate's outfit, with a blue shirt, black pants, a red scarf at the waist, a pirate style black bandana in the head, and two black bracelets.
In the
Movie 2
, she initially appears in a dark pink bikini. After the Trump Pirates stole the Going Merry with her clothes inside, she had to wear a wedding dress from a store. A majority of the movie she is wearing Luffy's signature straw hat.
During
Movie 3
, she wears a white sundress with an extravagant black cross patterns tied up in a knot along her left thigh, and a red belt. Also momentarily, she wears an extravagant monkey costume designed by Usopp.
During the
Ruluka Island Arc
, Nami wears a black-and-white striped shirt, along with her signature shirt and sandals.
During
Movie 4
, she wears a gray sleeveless jacket, with the word "Evil" on the chest, and a short blue skirt. In the final scene, she wears an orange dress with long sleeves and short skirt, with a white line on the sleeves, which is also worn during the plot of the
Movie 5
.
During the
G-8 Arc
, she wears momentarily as a Marine janitor, with a white shirt, an apron with the symbol of the Marines, a white cap turned inside out, and two green gloves. Then, she changes the uniform for a nurse's, wearing a white nurse's cap, a pink shirt, and an apron with the Marines symbol and a pocket, and a dark pink ribbon at the waist.
During the anime-original episodes of the Long Ring Long Land Arc, Nami wears a cropped yellow jersey with the number '73' on the top, and rollerskates.
During
Movie 6
, she initially wears a purple dress, a white shawl, and sunglasses with pink lenses. Then, she changes her clothes for a pink top and yellow shorts with a black belt. During the cooking contest with Sanji, she wears a low-cut black dress and put her hair in a bun and fastened some black hair clips on the right part of her bangs.
During
Movie 7
, Nami wears a burgundy tank top with the word 'Gold' written across the chest, and beige jeans. When attending Ratchet's dinner, she wears a low cut red dress, gold earrings, a black choker, and does her hair in a bun. Later she is seen wearing a blue tank top, green shorts, and red boots.
During the
Ice Hunter Arc
, Nami wears a light blue jacket. Later she wears a blue sweater, a pink parka, and a yellow beanie.
During
Movie 9
, she wears a beige parka with red leggings, a pink scarf with matching gloves, and brown boots.
During the
Spa Island Arc
, she wears a dark pink bikini.
During
Movie 10
, before her initial meeting with Shiki, Nami wore a white tank top and blue shorts, and did her hair into a ponytail. During her time in Shiki's palace, she wore a black and white vertically striped bikini with a blue bead necklace. After being found by Luffy, she changes into a red, yellow, and green crop top and short shorts, as well as doing the back of her hair into two short pigtails. During her second time in Shiki's palace before the Straw Hat Pirates arrive, she wore a black dress with stockings, high hells, and a pink boa. After returning to the ship and fully recovering from her Daft Green infection, she is wearing a white blouse and sandals, with the back of her hair once again done in two short pigtails.
During
Movie 11
, Nami wears a purple tank top, dark blue shorts, and red heels.
During the
Little East Blue Arc
, Nami wears a sheer crop top over a black bikini bra, a pair of jeans that hike up to her shins, and pink sandals. She also wears a pair of sunglasses with purple lenses.
During
Episode of Luffy
, she wears a light blue sweater that is cut to her midriff, brown frilled boots, a short skirt with an abstract green, blue, and yellow pattern, and has tied her hair into a bun.
During
Adventure of Nebulandia
, she wears a thin-strapped bikini with a pink top and white bottom, white sandals with a floral pin at the base, and white sunglasses with dark blue lenses. When landing on
Nebulandia
, she wears a yellow dress with a popped collar.
During
Z's Ambition Arc
, Nami curled and slicked back her orange hair, it being held by a red headband. She wears a white, strapless mini dress with frilled edges, gray stockings, and white heels.
During
Glorious Island
, as well as the beginning of
Movie 12
, she wears a revealing rainbow bikini, a gold necklace, and white sunglasses with purple lenses. Later on, when the crew finds
Z
, she puts on a large orange jacket. When she's turned into a child, she wears a simple white dress, and later into a similar dress with pink edges and yellow spots. When picking from the gear
Mobston
offered in preparation for their fight with Z, she chose a green chest plate and armored skirt, a red long-sleeve shirt and helmet with '03' engraved on the side of the latter, and brown boots. Once returning to her normal age, the outfit recedes and hugs her body more, with the sleeves receding to her elbows and her thighs and midriff completely exposed.
During
Heart of Gold
, Nami wore a pink parka, white earmuffs, brown gloves, and black boots and leggings. When changing to explore
Alchemi
, she wears a black bikini top, blue jeans with a black thong underneath, as well as a blue camouflage-patterned bucket hat and black gloves. When kidnapped by
Mad Treasure
and forced into slavery, she's seen wearing pink Egyptian bedlah and her hair in a ponytail. After dropping off
Olga
and
Acier
on a nearby island, she changed into jeans and a black bikini top.
During
Film Gold Episode 0
as well as in the beginning of
Movie 13
, she wears a revealing blue and white bikini, with the left cup having a blue scale-like pattern with a picture of a cat, and the right being plain white with the word 'Sexy' written in black. The bottom has the same back pattern with the position reverse. She pairs it with blue and white sandals, and a white and pink hibiscus pinned into her hair. Later on when changing for the casino, Nami wears a short, glittering white dress with a black bow on the waist, gold sandals and earrings, and pinned some portions of her into two spiral buns on both sides of her head. When planning the heist with Carina, she wears white shorts, and a short red top with the word 'Cat' and a picture of one splayed across the top. During the heist, she wears a flashy circus tamer outfit consisting of a blue and black leopard-print leotard with a tail coming out from behind, tall fishnet stockings, a top hat with a large feather plume snaking out the back and a whip. Later on, she momentarily disguises herself as a
World Noble
. During the fight against
Tesoro
's group, she changes into a similar black leather outfit as the other crew members, however she ties the leather top around her waist, instead choosing to wear a blue bikini top, while still wearing the leather pants.
During the
Marine Rookie Arc
, Nami wears a red dress with a popped white collar, black heels, and a Marine cap and coat, the latter draped over her shoulders.
In the beginning of
Movie 14
(and the entirety of the
Cidre Guild Arc
), Nami wears light blue workout top and shorts, a pale green sweater over her shoulders, as well as navy blue sneakers with socks. When participating in the Beauty Contest during the
Pirates Festival
, she wears a white bikini with gemstone pendants on her thighs and bra strap. For the rest of the festival, she wears bright orange overalls which end at the top of her thighs, a white bikini top underneath, tall red boots, and a light green bandana tied around her head. After Luffy's fight with
Douglas Bullet
, she changes into a white tank top and blue jeans shorts.
During
Movie 15
, when attending
Uta
's concert, Nami wears a red plaid skirt, a reddish-orange top and boots, and a white sweater tied around her waist, along with pink sunglasses, golden earrings, an assortment of bracelets on her wrists, and tying her hair into two long braids. Her skin also has a decent amount of colorful body paint, dotting her collarbone, right cheek, forearms, and left leg. Her Battle Outfit inadvertently given to her by Uta has her in a revealing white top held up by a black choker around her neck, matching frilled gloves, and two pink studded bands around her right upper arm. Below her waist is a gray frilled skirt with a short front and significantly longer back, pale pink  fishnet stockings, and a large pink belt, all held together by black garters and heels. Topping her head is a black pirate's hate with a white cross and pink ring across the front, a gray plume and pink feathers fanning out the back, and two gold rings hanging of the side by a black thread. She also carries a large rapier with a bright pink scabbard.