Introduction
Gallery
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Non-Canon
Misc.
For the chapters with her name and epithet in their titles, see
Chapter 201
and
Chapter 1005
.
Nico Robin
,
also known by her epithet
"Devil Child"
and the
"Light of the Revolution"
,
is the
archaeologist
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
She is the seventh member of the crew and the sixth to join, doing so at the end of the
Arabasta Arc
. She temporarily left the crew during the
Water 7 Arc
but rejoined during the
Enies Lobby Arc
.
Born into a family of archaeologists, Robin is the daughter of
Nico Olvia
. Robin ate the
Hana Hana no Mi
at a young age, giving her the power to reproduce her body parts (or her entire body) on any surface at will. As the sole survivor of the destroyed
West Blue
island
Ohara
, she is currently one of only two people in the world known to have the ability to read and decipher
Poneglyphs
, a skill which is considered forbidden and threatening to the
World Government
.
She acted as the vice president of
Baroque Works
as
"Miss All Sunday"
,
serving and partnering herself directly with the organization's president; the ex-
Warlord
:
Crocodile
, who operated under the codename "Mr. 0". She was a secondary antagonist of the
Arabasta Saga
, before joining the Straw Hats. Her dream is to find the
Rio Poneglyph
which tells the true history of the world, specifically the
Void Century
.
She gained a bounty of
79,000,000 at the age of 8 due to her ability to read poneglyphs after the destruction of Ohara. It later increased to
80,000,000 after the Straw Hats invaded
Enies Lobby
to rescue her and escape. After the
Dressrosa Arc
, it was increased to
130,000,000. Following the
Raid on Onigashima
, her bounty was increased to
930,000,000.
Quick Answers
What is the significance of Nico Robin's epithet 'Devil Child'?
Nico Robin's epithet 'Devil Child' is a reflection of the harsh reputation she garnered due to her association with the archaeologists of Ohara. The World Government spread the lie that these archaeologists were seeking forbidden knowledge to destroy the world, earning them the nickname 'Demons of Ohara'. As the only known survivor of this group, Nico Robin was feared and hated by many, leading to her nickname, the 'Devil Child'. This epithet followed her throughout her life, from her pre timeskip days to her post timeskip adventures with the Straw Hat Pirates.
Provided by: Fandom
What role does Nico Robin play in the Straw Hat Pirates?
Nico Robin, also known as the 'Devil Child' and the 'Light of the Revolution', plays a crucial role in the Straw Hat Pirates as the crew's archaeologist and one of the Senior Officers of the Straw Hat Grand Fleet. She is the seventh member to join the crew, doing so at the end of the Arabasta Arc. Despite a temporary departure during the Water 7 Arc, she rejoined during the Enies Lobby Arc. Her unique skills and knowledge make her an invaluable asset to the crew.
Provided by: Fandom
How did Nico Robin join the Straw Hat Pirates?
Nico Robin, also known as the 'Devil Child', joined the Straw Hat Pirates at the end of the Arabasta Arc. She was the seventh member to join the crew and the sixth to do so. However, she temporarily left the crew during the Water 7 Arc but rejoined during the Enies Lobby Arc. Known for her skills as an archaeologist, she's a valuable member of the crew and one of the Senior Officers of the Straw Hat Grand Fleet.
Provided by: Fandom
What caused Nico Robin to temporarily leave the Straw Hat Pirates?
Nico Robin, also known as the 'Devil Child' and the 'Light of the Revolution', temporarily left the Straw Hat Pirates during the Water 7 Arc. This was due to her belief that she couldn't accomplish her wish to learn about the true history if she stayed with them. However, she rejoined the crew during the Enies Lobby Arc, realizing that her crewmates were willing to fight for her and her dreams.
Provided by: Fandom
Appearance
[
]
Further information:
Nico Robin/Gallery
Nico Robin is a tall, slender young woman with shoulder-length black hair styled in a classic
hime cut
and eyes that have dark, wide pupils (her eyes are depicted to be brown in the manga as well as the
tenth
and
twelfth movies
; while in the anime, her eyes are depicted to be blue cerulean). She also has a long, thin, and defined nose. In the anime, Robin's skin tone has a slightly darker tan unlike in manga-colored artworks where it is lighter. Robin also resembles her mother greatly, with the exception of her hair color and style as well as having a slightly darker skin tone than her. Robin's limbs are very long, especially her legs, contributing greatly to both her fighting capabilities (given the nature of her
powers
) and overall height.
Before the Timeskip
[
]
She has no trademark looks like the others, though her all-purple cowgirl look from when she was first introduced is often associated with her trademark look. Like
Nami
, Robin seems to be fond of revealing outfits as she is frequently wearing clothing that is either dark in color (often black or purple) or consists of leather (sometimes both). She is also fond of high heels, which do not seem to affect the way she walks or her speed.
Robin sometimes wears a gold arm band with white fringes attached to it with the letter N on it, which stands for her family name. She also had a similar one with BW on it, which stood for Baroque Works, but no longer wears it as she is no longer affiliated with the group. She has also worn an outback hat on numerous occasions.
In the
Arabasta Arc
, she wore a revealing cowgirl outfit consisting of a purple cleavage-exposing corset and matching miniskirt, both with white ornaments hanging from them, and a white fur-lined coat paired with a white cowboy hat and white high-heeled boots. At the end of the arc when she started traveling with the Straw Hats, she wore a more modest buttoned-up long-sleeved lavender shirt with long purple pants and a pair of purple boots.
In the
Skypiea Arc
, along with Nami, Robin changed her outfit into something more appropriate for
Angel Beach
, switching into a yellow sleeveless shirt and purple pants reaching to her calves (which would not get wet as she walked on the beach), with a simple belt around her waist. She sported her white ornament on her left arm, and not needing footwear on the beach, ventured over to the shore barefoot. She put on purple high-heeled Mary Janes when she required shoes for travelling around the rest of
Skypiea
, and once the crew began exploring the ruins of
Upper Yard
, she donned her trademark white cowboy hat, which she still wore for the time being.
In the
Long Ring Long Land Arc
, she wore her purple jacket over a blouse with aquamarine trim, dark blue pants, and matching boots. After being frozen by
Kuzan
and subsequently thawed out, she changed into more casual clothes to keep warm, consisting of a waist-length black sweatshirt with a dark gray hood, black leggings that reached down to the middle of her thighs, and simple white slippers.
In the
Water 7
and
Enies Lobby Arc
, she wore a short, black, cleavage-revealing leather dress with long sleeves over what looked like a lighter, white polka-dotted underdress. She also wore black thigh-high-heeled boots.
In the
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
, she was seen wearing a tight-fitting, pink t-shirt that has the
Galley-La Company
emblem at the front and a pair of black trousers. She also wore a pair of white high-heeled shoes. Later, she replaced the T-shirt with a tight, pinstriped purple buttoned sweater and dark high-heeled shoes.
In the
Thriller Bark Arc
, she wore a short garnet dress (purple in the anime) with lace embroidered edges, stockings reaching up to her thighs held up by suspenders, and black high-heeled boots with two lines of buttons on the front.
In the
Sabaody Archipelago Arc
, she wore a black (purple in the anime) outfit consisting of a cowboy hat, a cleavage-revealing sleeveless shirt, with a wide, yellow collar covered with black concentric circle motifs, matching pants reaching down to her calves, and purple high-heeled Mary Janes. She also had a string of round and yellow ornaments that hung loosely from around her waist.
While imprisoned on
Tequila Wolf
, Robin wore a single-piece blue prison jumpsuit, with a revealing chest. While on Tequila Wolf, Robin's skin tone seemed to slowly lighten in color (possibly due to the cold weather of Tequila Wolf). After she was rescued by the
Revolutionary Army
,
After the Timeskip
[
]
From the
Return to Sabaody Arc
to near the end of the
Fish-Man Island Arc
, Robin's black hair (also lightened in color) has grown longer, which reaches to her lower back, and it is pulled back, so it reveals more of her forehead and ears. After the timeskip, her outfit now is a long salmon sarong skirt that has a design of a green seaweed with red and yellow flowers on the side with ruffles that bares her hips with a partially-zipped short-sleeved navy blue (sometimes purple in manga and some other media) leather vest with a V-neck line and an image of
her
Devil Fruit
or of an actual
Chrysanthemum morifolium
is printed on the left breast near the shoulder that exposes her stomach, darker pink (sometimes red in other media) high heeled pumps, and a lavender pink backpack. She wears white sunglasses with orange lenses (black in the manga) which she hangs on her forehead and is seen wearing them during the battle with the
New Fish-Man Pirates
in the
Gyoncorde Plaza
.
Like Nami, Robin's breasts have also grown much larger and rounder, but her appearance has not changed much, save for the fact that her hourglass figure and body curves have become more pronounced. Robin's skin tone seemed to lighten with color to the point of the manga's skin color (possibly due to the time spent training indoors). Unlike the other members, Robin did not grow taller as she remains at 188 cm.
After the battle for
Fish-Man Island
, Robin wore a teal, long-sleeved V-neck dress. While exploring the Burning Lands of
Punk Hazard
during the
Punk Hazard Arc
with some of her crewmates, Robin removes her dress due to the heat to reveal a floral camisole and black shorts; she later ties the dress around her waist. She also has on very high heels with this outfit and still wears her new trademark sunglasses over her forehead. She later wears a long, spotted winter coat over this while on the Ice Lands of the island, which she took from a female member of
Brownbeard
's
Centaur Patrol Unit
.
During the events in
Dressrosa
, she wears a very short, black dress. It is low cut, and hence, a large portion of her breasts are visible, as well as her legs and lower thighs. Her costume also includes her sunglasses, black high-heel boots, and a white bell-brimmed hat. She also chooses to wear her hair in a high ponytail. The hat was an extra precaution she used to hide her face along with her sunglasses to avoid being spotted by her enemies on the island, primarily the
CP0
agents. She also temporarily disguised herself as one of the grunts in the
Donquixote Pirates
, borrowing a uniform similar to that of a burglar with a dark long-sleeved turtleneck, dark camouflage pants, boots, gloves, and a unique horned hat (as some of the grunts wore unique headgear).
After the events of the
Dressrosa Arc
, she wears a light-colored tank top with the word "
Corrida
" written on it along with dark-colored shorts (pink tank top and purple shorts in the anime).
During the
Zou Arc
, she wears a light purple turtleneck, dark, fuchsia-colored shorts, and cream heels.
During the
Wano Country Arc
, she tied her hair up, wore lipstick, and dressed in a black traditional Geisha outfit. Her second outfit was a purple kimono in white and purple squares patterns.
Her third outfit consists of a mostly white kunoichi attire with a purple daffodil pattern, and a dark purple tsuke obi with a large blue bow in the back, as well as a light purple obiage, and a red obijime. She also has a dark flower pattern-covered cloak over her shoulders, and her hair is tied back with a red ribbon.
When
Kin'emon
used his
Devil Fruit abilities
to disguise them, she wore a
Beasts Pirates
attire.
During the
Egghead Arc
, Robin wears a cropped, unzipped black leather jacket connected at the hem by a belt that wraps around her stomach, and attached to her underwear with garter-like straps. She does not wear pants and wears purple gloves, an orange earpiece, and a pair of black DOM Shoes with orange thigh-high socks.
During the
Elbaph Arc
, Robin had
Brook
cut her hair to match how it was when she met
Jaguar D. Saul
, and by extension her hairstyle from before the timeskip. As a result, she now lets her bangs down again.
Body Measurements
[
]
The author has also answered to a fan's question asking about Robin's
body measurements
are as follows:
Updated measurements were provided in
SBS Volume 37
, in which
Eiichiro Oda
responded to a fan question by saying that her height is 188 cm (6'2"), making her the fourth tallest member of the Straw Hat Pirates, after
Jinbe
,
Brook
, and
Franky
, and according to
Sanji
, her three measurements were B99-W59-H89 (39"-23.23"-35.04"),
making her breasts an I-cup in Japan.
After the timeskip, in
SBS Volume 69
, her height is the same,
and her measurements are B100-W60-H90 (39.37"-23.62"-35.43"), making her breasts a J-cup in Japan.