Nojiko
is the owner of a
mikan
farm in
Cocoyasi Village
and is the adoptive older sister of
Nami
.
They were raised together by their adoptive mother,
Bell-mère
.
She is an ally of the
Straw Hat Pirates
during the
Arlong Park Arc
.
Appearance
Nojiko is an average-sized young woman with light blue hair and eyes, and tanned skin.
Her right arm and chest are heavily tattooed - a gesture of sympathy and condolence towards Nami, who was ashamed of her tattoo of
Arlong
's
Jolly Roger
.
In the manga, she also used to wear a bracelet which she gave to Nami.
She is usually seen wearing a beige sleeveless shirt (sometimes a green button-up shirt with yellow stripes), blue trousers and purple sandals. Furthermore, she appears to wear pink lip gloss.
After the timeskip, her hair has grown longer, she wears lipstick, and she seems to have become slimmer.
Much like her sister, her hourglass features have become more pronounced.
Live-action series
Nojiko in the
live-action series
.
Nojiko as a child in the live-action series.
Nojiko when she was found by Bell-mère in the live action series.
Personality
Nojiko is
Nami
's levelheaded older sister. She is highly supportive of Nami and generous to
Genzo
, who she and Nami had seen as a father figure. Unlike her sister, she seemed to keep herself out of trouble, although she apparently had a habit of upsetting boys. As she grew older, she also became partly responsible for the well-being of others on the island. During the years of Arlong's rule, she would try to prevent others from rising up against Arlong while Nami worked hard towards honoring her deal with him.
She does not like people who would throw away their lives recklessly. She also has a belief that if you no longer have the will to live and wish to die, so long as you try hard enough, whether adult or child, it will not matter.
Relationships
Family
Nojiko with her adoptive mother and sister.
Nojiko always had a fairly content relationship with Bell-mère and never saw a problem with being adopted. Unlike Nami, she was aware of the situation she was found in by her and she laughed alongside Bell-mère about how Nami had been unaware of the bloodshed that happened around them.
Growing up, she often supported Nami's bad habits of stealing, much to Bell-mère's annoyance. She was deeply angry at Nami's original recruitment into Arlong's crew, but at the same time knew her sister enough to realize that she would not join the crew without a reason. Nami's forever hatred of her tattoo led Nojiko to get her own and at the time she told her adoptive sister she got her tattoo because she wanted some body art like Nami's, something Nami never forgot about when it came around to finally remove Arlong's tattoo.
History
Past
Bell-mère trying to protect Nojiko and Nami from the
Arlong Pirates
.
Nojiko was born in the
Oykot Kingdom
.
When she was two years old, almost everyone around her was killed in a vicious battle between pirates and the Marines. After the fighting had stopped, Nojiko found an
orphaned baby girl
who was still alive and began to wander around until she came across Bell-mère. Using what little strength she had, Bell-mère pulled herself over to the two children and to the relief of both Nojiko and Bell-mère, the baby laughed, seemingly unaware of the bloodshed that had happened.
Soon afterwards, Bell-mère set sail for her hometown of
Cocoyasi Village
with the two children and arrived back home during a storm. Bell-mère handed over the two girls to the village
doctor
,
Nako
, insisting the two children be treated before her own injuries. Much to the villagers' surprise, Bell-mère announced after all three were better that she would adopt the two girls. The three would become as close as any real family.
Their life together was a struggle as Bell-mère was poor. Being the elder of the two sisters, Nojiko had everything bought for her first and Nami would end up with her hand-me-downs. After scolding Nami for denouncing them as a family causing Nami to run off, Nojiko was sent after her.
That same day, Arlong invaded the island and found her home, Bell-mère tried to fend the
fish-man
off but was quickly subdued. When asked for the fee needed to stay alive, it turned out all the money Bell-mère had would either save herself or her two daughters. Things would have been okay, as Arlong was unaware of the two girls' existence, but Bell-mère gave it to her two girls as she would rather have died than not call herself a mother. To that end, Arlong shot her right in front of the eyes of her two adopted daughters, but not before Bell-mère apologized to Nami for not being richer, and not being able to buy the girls whatever they wanted. With that, she said her final words to the girls: "I love you."
East Blue Saga
Arlong Park Arc
Nojiko stops
Chabo
from attacking
Usopp
, who the boy mistakenly believed was a fish-man. When the real fish-man arrived, Nojiko knocked Usopp unconscious in order to prevent him from fighting. Upon awakening, she explained Nami's past and her allegiance with the Arlong Pirates. Usopp could hardly believe the woman he had trusted had betrayed them.
When Usopp prepared to take off, a group of fish-men arrived and announced that
Genzo
would be punished for possession of weapon. Nojiko explained to Usopp that they had periodic payments to make to Arlong as a form of tribute. In return, he would not destroy their villages.
As Genzo was about to be slaughtered, Usopp was inspired into action and distracted the fish-men as they chased him down. At the same time, Nami suddenly reappeared at the village. Everyone ignored her and treated her with a cold shoulder while Nojiko brought her back to her home.
Later, the
Straw Hat Pirates
became distraught as they realized Nami was not the person they thought she was. Nojiko arrived and revealed Nami's past to the Straw Hats in return for them leaving the island.
After trying to stop Nami from attacking
captain
Nezumi
, a Marine officer who wanted to take the money Nami raised for her deal with Arlong, Nojiko was shot by him in the back.
However, she survived.
She, along with the rest of the villagers of Cocoyasi Village, decided to revolt against Arlong. When they arrived at the gate, they found it was blocked by
Johnny
and
Yosaku
. They urged the villagers to wait for the Straw Hat Pirates to fight their battle for them. When the Straw Hats arrived, they began attacking Arlong and his crew.
Nojiko helping Luffy from drowning.
However, Luffy found himself in a vulnerable situation and was thrown into the water, unable to move due to his
Devil Fruit
powers
. Nojiko and Genzo agreed to dive into the pool to save the Straw Hat, as it was the only thing they could think of to help the warriors.
They used Luffy's Devil Fruit powers and stretched his head out of the water before taking turns attempting to free him from the pinning rock.
After Nojiko performed CPR, Luffy regained consciousness and spouted water into the air, providing a symbol of hope for the Straw Hats who found themselves outclassed by Arlong. Sanji and Zoro agreed they needed to free Luffy in order to defeat Arlong.
Sanji dove into the pool to free the rock with Nojiko. However, Hatchan appeared and attempted to attack Sanji. Nojiko dove in the way and took the brunt of Hatchan's punches. As a result of the strain, Hatchan's wounds from Zoro opened and halted his attack. Sanji finally destroyed the rock and Luffy was freed.
She joined the villagers in watching Luffy defeat Arlong, and destroy his building.
Their celebration was almost cut short as
Nezumi
arrived to spoil the fun. He ordered the riches of
Arlong Park
now belonged to the Marines. However, Zoro stepped in and Nami helped push Nezumi out of town so that the villagers could keep the money.
The town gathered at the docks to bid adieu to the Straw Hats. However, Nami was nowhere to be found at first as she had secretly left the money in Nojiko's house. She announced for the ship to take off and ran off without taking time to say goodbye to Nojiko directly. The pirates headed off to the
Grand Line
as Nojiko and the village waved goodbye.
Water 7 Saga
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
Nojiko was delivering
mikans
to Genzo when other villagers commented about Nami's first bounty. Genzo tried to refuse the gift, but Nojiko insisted since she and Nami thought of him as family. She was then confused by Genzo's contradictory behavior: filing a complaint about the photo used for Nami's poster but hanging up an enlarged version of the photo. Nojiko pointed out that it was proof that the Straw Hats were fulfilling their promise.
Fish-Man Island Saga
From the Decks of the World
After the Straw Hats reunited, Nojiko, Genzo, Chabo, and Nako gathered by Bell-mère's grave. Nojiko and Chabo were both wearing aprons displaying Nami's tattoo and
mikans
, suggesting they started their own business.
Whole Cake Island Saga
From the Decks of the World: The 500,000,000 Man Arc
After
the events
at
Dressrosa
, Nojiko and Genzo received Nami's new wanted poster. Nojiko seemed amused watching Genzo complaining about the new photo.
Final Saga
Egghead Arc
While listening to
Vegapunk
's worldwide broadcast with the rest of the village, Nojiko decides to leave halfway through. When Genzo asks her why, she states that she has to check on her
mikan
groves.
Live-Action and Manga Differences
Unlike the Manga and Anime,
Nojiko did not know Nami was planning to buy the villas back from Arlong, until years later when Nami finally gathered enough money.
Support Appearances
One Piece: Burning Blood