Ryuboshi
is an
oarfish
merman
and the second son of the royal
Neptune Family
on
Fish-Man Island
.
Appearance
[
]
He is an extremely tall and thin merman (shown when he spoke with Madam
Shyarly
), and is the second tallest of his brothers. He has wide eyes, long wavy dark pink  hair, and beaverlike teeth.
The only one of the princes to be clothed in the upper body, he wears a fancy robelike garment with sleeves that are puffed at the shoulders and wrists. He carries two swords behind him, held in place by an orange sash. He also has a long purple tail with white polka dots and a red fin.
When he and his family arrived at the
Red Port
for the
Levely
, he wore a light colored shirt.
Personality
[
]
Ryuboshi is very upbeat and jovial. He has a habit of ending his sentences by singing part of a musical scale, such as "so-la-ti-do". He and his younger brother
Manboshi
apparently like to dance, as he suggested it to him while
Fukaboshi
was asking the mermaids about the
Straw Hat Pirates
.
His habit of dancing came from his effort to cheer his sister up to protect
Fish-Man Island
from her powers.
However, he can be serious if the situation calls for it, such as when
Luffy
was beating up the
New Fish-Man Pirates
, he started to draw his sword, should his involvement have become necessary.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
As a prince, he has some royal authority over Fish-Man Island. Alongside Fukaboshi and Manboshi, Ryuboshi is one of the three most powerful warriors in the Neptune army. The
Minister of the Right
claimed that the Straw Hats would be in trouble if they were confronted by the brothers, however the minister underestimated the Straw Hats.
Further testament to his strength is when he, along with his brothers, took down the sea beasts that easily felled the rest of the Neptune Army, including the two ministers.
The New Fish-Man Pirate Officers also had to take at least two
Energy Steroids
to defeat him and his brothers.
Weapons
[
]
Further information:
Merman Gujutsu
Ryuboshi wielding his two swords.
He carries two long
rapiers
, with katana-wrappings around their hilts and prominent handguards. Their plain sheaths are crossed behind his lower back. He has proven himself to be a master swordsman, dispatching a group of gigantic sea monsters enhanced by drugs in mere seconds, with the aid of his two brothers.
History
[
]
Past
[
]
Ryuboshi and his siblings after their mother returned home from preaching.
As a child,
Fukaboshi
, Ryuboshi, and Manboshi would look after their sister,
Shirahoshi
, whenever their mother,
Otohime
, was away preaching to the
kingdom
's citizens.
When Shirahoshi was six years old, a
World Noble
arrived on
Fish-Man Island
in a wrecked ship. Otohime quickly dashed off to where the ship was docked. The four children of the royal family soon followed her.
When Otohime was threatened by Mjosgard, Shirahoshi cried and unknowingly called out
Sea Kings
. Mjosgard passed out from a big shock, and Ryuboshi and his brothers tried to calm Shirahoshi.
Ryuboshi and his siblings seemed worried when Otohime decided to accompany the noble to the surface. For one week, they anxiously waited in the castle for her return.
After Otohime returned safe and sound, she finally reached out to the citizens and collected their signatures. Ryuboshi, his siblings, and
Neptune
were overjoyed by Otohime's success.
Otohime later explained to her sons about
Shirahoshi's ability
to call Sea Kings which is connected to a legend. She went on saying that Shirahoshi's ability could be dangerous since she could not control it yet. Otohime then asked the three brothers to become strong warriors and protect Shirahoshi.
Ryuboshi dancing and singing with Manboshi in spite of their mother's death.
One day in
Gyoncorde Plaza
, the box containing all of the signatures suddenly caught fire. In the confusion, Otohime was shot. Ryuboshi and his brothers immediately came to their mother's side. The three brothers tearfully listened to their mother's last words, telling them not to be angry for her sake and to look after Shirahoshi. They then noticed that Shirahoshi was about to scream. Ryuboshi and Manboshi remembered what their mother said about what could happen if Shirahoshi calls Sea Kings again and how an emotional shock could trigger it. The two brothers then started singing and dancing in a desperate attempt to raise Shirahoshi's spirits and keep her from crying out, much to everyone's confusion and annoyance. As their mother passed away, Ryuboshi and his siblings touched pinky fingers with her for the last time.
Before Otohime's funeral, the four children of the royal family told their father about the
love letters that kept flying
to Shirahoshi. Neptune told his children not to go out to the funeral since danger still lurked around. During Otohime's funeral, Ryuboshi and his siblings were seen on a visual broadcast as Fukaboshi gave his speech.
Fish-Man Island Saga
[
]
Fish-Man Island Arc
[
]
Ryuboshi and his brothers searched for
Monkey D. Luffy
in
Mermaid Cove
supposedly because of Luffy's illegal entry. The mermaids hid the crew, but
Sanji
had a massive nosebleed and blew their cover. After
Camie
, Luffy,
Usopp
, Sanji, and
Chopper
escaped on the royal gondola that the three princes were riding on, Ryuboshi and Fukaboshi explained that they were looking for the
Straw Hat Pirates
for a reason other than their illegal entry. They had to give them a message from
Jinbe
.
Later in
Coral Hill
, Ryuboshi and his brothers expressed concerned about
Madam Shyarly
's prediction.
Outside
the palace
bubble, they were waiting to be let in, and Ryuboshi was shocked when he realized that the Straw Hat Pirates had caused some kind of incident in the palace.
Sometime later, he and his brothers watched
Hody
's speech to Fish-Man Island, where he explained his plan to recreate the Ryugu Kingdom with himself as the ruler. Ryuboshi was shocked and worried when Hody showed the chained-up king.
The brothers take down the sea beasts.
After Hody finished his speech, Ryuboshi and his brothers all rode on their gondola and headed for Gyoncorde Plaza to save their father, who was scheduled to be executed by Hody himself. While traveling, Ryuboshi wondered if Shirahoshi was safe.
He soon arrived at Gyoncorde Plaza with his brothers and declared that the Neptune Army would not be defeated so easily. He then told Neptune to wait a little longer. As the three princes were fighting the
Sea Beasts
, Ryuboshi told Hody that if he won, Fish-Men would never be able to walk beside humans even if a century came and went. After defeating the sea beasts, Ryuboshi and his brothers then charged at Hody and the officers.
Ryuboshi with his father and brothers, all chained up and on display for execution.
Initially, the princes had the upper hand, but the officers turned the odds against them by taking
Energy Steroids
. The princes were then defeated and captured. After Shirahoshi,
Megalo
, and Jinbe were captured and brought to the plaza, Hody revealed to everyone that he was the one who truly killed Otohime. Ryuboshi was stunned at this revelation. Shirahoshi said that she already knew about it
thanks to Megalo and she did not tell anyone because she was honoring her mother's last wish of holding no hatred for the killer. As Hody mocked Shirahoshi for allowing him to go free, he attacked the royal brothers and Neptune with
Yabusame
. Ryuboshi, along with his father and brothers, were then rescued by
Hoe
during the Straw Hats' unexpected arrival.
Ryuboshi and his brothers later recovered when
Noah
(thrown by
Decken
towards Shirahoshi) arrived at Fish-Man Island.
When Shirahoshi swam away from Fish-Man Island, Ryuboshi and his brothers went after her. Ryuboshi and Manboshi came to their sister's aid at the moment Decken threw some knives at her. After saving Shirahoshi from death, they tried to lead Shirahoshi to safety.
Hody cuts down Ryuboshi.
Hody then went to Decken and stabbed him with his trident. Ryuboshi and Manboshi were confused since Hody and Decken were supposed to be allies. Hody then went after Shirahoshi and repelled both Ryuboshi and Manboshi. Luckily, Fukaboshi and Luffy arrived just in time to stop Hody.
Hody later explained what would happen if Decken died while the ship Noah was directly above Fish-Man Island. Once Decken's power lost its effects, the ship would fall on the island. Understanding the situation, Ryuboshi told Shirahoshi to change her course to the side.
Unfortunately, Decken fell unconscious and the ship started falling towards Fish-Man Island.
Luffy later defeated Hody and the Sea Kings stopped Noah from falling.
Now that the island was saved from destruction, Ryuboshi and his brothers then took the unconscious Hody and Decken to the plaza and put them in chains.
While the officers and Vander Decken IX were imprisoned, the royal family and the Straw Hats had a feast at
Ryugu Palace
as a celebration.
Later, when the
New Fish-Man Pirates
officers turned old due to the Energy Steroids, Ryuboshi went down to the dungeon with his father, brothers, Jinbe, and the ministers and saw that the imprisoned officers had become old men.
Afterwards, Ryuboshi and the people of Fish-Man Island bid the Straw Hats farewell as they set sail for the
New World
. Ryuboshi and his brothers expressed their gratitude and promised their father that they would not forget the debt they owe to the Straw Hats.
Whole Cake Island Saga
[
]
Zou Arc
[
]
As the time for
Levely
approached, the Neptune Family prepared to go to the surface. When Shirahoshi was too scared to leave, Ryuboshi asked Neptune if they could leave without her.
Levely Arc
[
]
As the Neptune Family prepared to depart Fish-Man Island, they received the news of the events that occurred at Totto Land.
The Neptune Family later arrived at the
Red Port
, and
Monkey D. Garp
escorted them to the bondola. As he and his family rode it to Mariejois, Ryuboshi was happy that Shirahoshi marveled at the sun and sky.
Ryuboshi and his family later reached the top of the Red Line and arrived at the
Mary Geoise
castle. At the socializing plaza, Ryuboshi and Fukaboshi were worried about Shirahoshi's inability at proper communication. As Shirahoshi conversed with Vivi and Rebecca, Ryuboshi warned her about saying Luffy's name out loud.
Ryuboshi and his brothers later witnessed Charlos' attempt to enslave Shirahoshi.
After Mjosgard stopped Charlos, Ryuboshi stood beside his father as Mjosgard promised Neptune that he would protect Shirahoshi during the Levely.
Wano Country Saga
[
]
Wano Country Arc
[
]
On the fourth day of Levely, Charlos returned to the socialization plaza to try again to capture Shirahoshi, with the help of
Bartholomew Kuma
. Seeing this, Ryuboshi and his brothers attempted to rescue her, ignoring warnings that the World Nobles would destroy their country. After Fukaboshi clarified that they would never return, the three princes went to attack Charlos, but the latter made Kuma shoot them with a laser beam, although they managed to dodge it. When they were going to attack again, Mjosgard stopped them since they were royalty; telling them to leave it to
Sai
and
Leo
because they are pirates and have no affiliated nations. After these two hit Charlos,
Morley
of the
Revolutionary Army
grabbed Kuma off the ground to take him away.
When the Levely meeting was about to end, the three brothers wanted Shirahoshi to wait with them at Red Port so they wouldn't have to deal with the World Nobles anymore.
After the Levely ended, the Neptune Family returned to Fish-Man Island along with Garp. While at the Ryugu Palace, the latter and Neptune proceeded to talk about the Levely and the incident involving
Arabasta
after they left Mary Geoise.
Major Battles
[
]
Ryuboshi,
Manboshi
, and
Fukaboshi
vs.
New Fish-Man Pirates
'
Sea Beasts
Ryuboshi, Manboshi and Fukaboshi vs. New Fish-Man Pirates' Officers (unseen in the manga)
Ryuboshi and Manboshi vs.
Hody Jones
Ryuboshi, Manboshi and Fukaboshi vs
Bartholomew Kuma
(interrupted by
Donquixote Mjosgard
)
Filler Battles
[
]
Ryuboshi and Manboshi vs. New Fish-Man Pirates