Introduction
Gallery
Personality
Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Non-Canon
Misc.
For the chapters of the same name, see
Chapter 43
and
Chapter 843
.
"Black Leg" Sanji
,
born as
Vinsmoke Sanji
,
is the
cook
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
He is the fifth member of the crew and the fourth to join, doing so at the end of the
Baratie Arc
.
Born as the third son and fourth child of the
Vinsmoke Family
(thus, making him a former
prince
of the
Germa Kingdom
), he disowned his family twice, once in his youth and again after reuniting with them as an adult.
After fleeing the Vinsmokes as a child, he eventually entered the care of
Zeff
as the sous chef of the
Baratie
, where he would remain until he met
Monkey D. Luffy
, who convinced him to join his crew.
His dream is to find the rumored chef's paradise,
All Blue
, which is where the
East Blue
,
West Blue
,
North Blue
, and
South Blue
meet, along with their wildlife. He is one of the top three fighters of the Straw Hats, alongside Luffy and
Zoro
, who is referred to as the "Monster Trio".
He first gained a bounty of
77,000,000 for his role in the raid on
Enies Lobby
. It increased to
177,000,000 after the
Dressrosa Arc
, but the condition of his bounty was changed to Only Alive due to his
biological father
's interference. After he escaped from
Big Mom
's territory, his bounty condition was reverted to Dead or Alive (with the Vinsmoke name despite his renouncing it), and its value increased to
330,000,000.
Following the
Raid on Onigashima
, his bounty was increased to
1,032,000,000.
Quick Answers
What is the significance of Sanji's nickname, 'Black Leg'?
The 'Black Leg' nickname of Sanji pays homage to his mentor, 'Red Leg' Zeff. It refers to his unique fighting style, emphasizing kicks and acrobatics, which he honed under Zeff's guidance. The color black is derived from the fact that Sanji is typically seen wearing a black suit.
Provided by: Community
What is Sanji's height and how does it compare to other Straw Hat Pirates?
Sanji, of the Straw Hat Pirates, has a height of 5'11"/180cm making him the 6th tallest memeber. He is shorter than several crew members, including Zoro, Robin, Franky, Brook and Jinbe, but taller than the rest.
Provided by: Community
What is the story behind Sanji's disowning of his family?
Sanji was born as the third son of the Vinsmoke family, but discarded his family name as a child when he ran away from the abuse of his father and brothers. He briefly reclaimed the name during the Whole Cake Island Arc when he was blackmailed to marry Charlotte Pudding in order to form an alliance between the Vinsmoke and Charlotte families. Despite the abuse and blackmail inflicted by his family, Sanji acted to save them from the assassination plot of the Big Mom pirates at the wedding. Afterwards, Sanji explained that he did so to honor the values of his 'true father' Zeff and verbally disowned his biological father, Judge. He later exclaimed that he never wants to hear the name "Vinsmoke" again.
Provided by: Community
When is Sanji's birthday and how is it celebrated in the series?
BBorn on March 2nd, Sanji's birthday is subtly referenced in the series through his bounty of 1,032,000,000 Belly, which incorporates the numbers 3-2 from his name, San-ji.
Provided by: Community
Appearance
[
]
Further information:
Sanji/Gallery
Sanji is a tall, slim, muscular man with long legs and jaw-length blond hair which he keeps brushed over one side of his face. Before the timeskip, this was the left side. After the two-year timeskip, he switched his hairstyle so that it covered the right side. It also appears that Sanji's hair is less straight and scruffier after the timeskip.
Sanji's most distinctive physical trait is the spirals on his eyebrows: His right eyebrow forms a spiral at the outer end, while his left eyebrow forms a spiral at the inner end. His eyebrows curl in the opposite direction from his
siblings
, whose eyebrows curl in a counterclockwise direction (i.e., to the left side); Sanji's eyebrows instead curl in a clockwise direction (i.e., to the right side). During his battle with
Queen
, when his dormant
genetic modifications
awakened, Sanji's eyebrows switched to curling in the same direction as his siblings' (i.e., to the left side).
After being unconscious for a brief period, when he awoke, his eyebrows had returned to their original shape.
When fighting
S-Shark
, his eyebrows changed direction again, although they reverted following the battle.
After deflecting
Kizaru's
laser with a kick, his eyebrows have once again changed directions.
While Sanji's eyes usually seem black, he was depicted with grey-blue eyes in the anime at the beginning of
Thriller Bark Arc
.
During the
Punk Hazard Arc
, when
Trafalgar Law
switched
Sanji into
Nami
's body, her usual brown eyes became grey-blue.
Sanji almost always wears a black, double-breasted suit with golden buttons and a tie together with a long-sleeved buttoned shirt of varying colors, usually orange, blue, turquoise, or black, with or without pinstripes. His outfit changes on a more frequent basis than most of the crew.
As a child, Sanji wore a yellow shirt with the number "3" on it, white pants, brown boots, and a light-yellow bandana around his neck. His hair was styled oppositely as it is in the present.
Before the Timeskip
[
]
During the Baratie Arc, he wore a blue shirt with black pinstripes.
During the
Drum Island Arc
, he wore a brown coat with furry outlining.
During the
Arabasta Arc
, he wore blue jacket-like attire suited for the desert in addition to orange sunglasses.
During the
Skypiea Arc
, he wore a pink dotted shirt with black knee-length pants. Later on, he changed into a dark blue shirt with light blue lines running down from the shoulders.
During the
Long Ring Long Land Arc
, he wore a lavender shirt and a blue tie with a cross pattern.
During the
Water 7 Arc
, he did not wear a suit jacket, but a black vest over an orange shirt with black pinstripes.
During the
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
, he wore a darker lavender shirt with a red tie.
During the Thriller Bark Arc, he wore a dark blue shirt with a light blue tie, as well as his usual black suit jacket and trousers.
During the
Sabaody Archipelago Arc
, he wore a green shirt and a white tie with purple horizontal stripes.
During the
Straw Hats' separation
, Sanji was coerced into dressing as a typical
Okama
, wearing a pink dress with short puffy sleeves. He also wore a long blond curly wig, nail polish, a pair of women's undergarments, and heavy, trashy makeup. He was also seen with a pair of high heels. He later reverts to his usual outfit and appearance sometime after that.
He almost always wears black dress shoes, mostly for his
Black Leg Style
. These shoes are extremely durable and were designed to increase the power of his attacks, though he can attack sufficiently without them as shown in his fight against
Kuroobi
. Sanji is also a chain smoker and is rarely seen without a cigarette.
After the Timeskip
[
]
After the two-year timeskip, Sanji now covers his right eye, shows his left eye, and has grown his hair just slightly longer. He also sports a dark anchor style facial hair, and stubble on his upper lip. Sanji's neck has gotten thicker as well, similar to Luffy and Zoro's. He has grown taller and therefore remains nearly the same height as Zoro. He wears a black double-breasted suit (which is sometimes depicted as dark blue) with golden buttons and a yellow dress shirt together with a brown tie.
In
Punk Hazard
, he wears a full black double-breasted suit with golden buttons and a grey dress shirt together with a very light grey tie.
While on Punk Hazard,
Kin'emon
used his
Fuku Fuku no Mi
ability to give Sanji a double-breasted coat for the cold, as he was trapped in Nami's body because of Trafalgar Law.
During the
Dressrosa Arc
, Sanji first wore a white dress shirt which he wore untucked, with a black tie, black trousers, and a black pinstriped waistcoat. Upon going incognito into
Acacia
, he wore a black double-breasted suit, with a white shirt with the top button undone. In the anime, he wears a blue tie as well. He also wore black glasses, a fake white beard, and a mustache and put a red rose in his breast pocket. After being injured by
Doflamingo
, Sanji wore bandages around his chest and wore his shirt and suit jacket unbuttoned and over his shoulders.
After arriving at
Zou
, Sanji sported a pair of brown sunglasses (with his hair still covering one of the glasses) an orange leather jacket, a white dress shirt with a purple polka dot pattern, yellow trousers, brown shoes, and a small backpack. He also slightly trimmed his beard. Later, he wore a black fur-trimmed coat over a dress shirt, and a beaded necklace.
During the
Whole Cake Island Arc
, Sanji wore a white, frilled dress shirt as well as his usual black dress pants and shoes; he kept the collar of the shirt upturned and the first few buttons undone. Later, his wrists are each fitted with a gold exploding wristlet (later revealed to be fake), and his face is discretely covered by a transparent hi-tech mask given to him by
his sister
, to remove the facial swelling he received during a violent confrontation with his brothers. Once he departed for Whole Cake Chateau with his family, he was also clad in a red, single-shoulder royal cape held together with a golden chain and clasp. During the
Tea Party
, he wore a white tuxedo, comprising a dress shirt and ascot under a white vest, white trousers and shoes, and an open formal coat with a raised collar. After finishing the second wedding cake, Sanji disguised himself as one of the
WCI 31
chefs by wearing a chef hat and a rag.
During the
Levely Arc
, Sanji wore a dark gray dress shirt with an orange tie, black pants, and bandages wrapped around his right arm.
In the
Wano Country Arc
, Sanji was given a yellow and white striped yukata by Kin'emon with a top knot the same as Luffy and Zoro. Later, he dons the
raid suit
that was given to him by his family, which gives Sanji a black Germa outfit and black and red cape with the number 3 on it, a white belt with the Germa 66 logo on the front, long white gloves with orange and black cuffs, jet-propelled boots. Uniquely, it also gives him a mask to wear over his nose and mouth, as well as a pair of sunglasses and a set of earphones on the top of his head. It also slicks the front of his hair into two parts, one pointing up and one pointing down.
During the
Raid on Onigashima
, Sanji wore a burgundy suit, a black shirt, a red tie which was later changed to white, and black gloves before briefly changing into a
Beasts Pirates
attire with the help of Kin'emon's Devil Fruit power.
During the
Egghead Arc
, Sanji wears a hooded orange Hawaiian shirt with a blue and yellow floral pattern, a pair of black shorts with the name Vegapunk written on the side, an earpiece, and a pair of orange DOM Shoes.
Non-Canon
[
]
In
Clockwork Island Adventure
, he initially appears he appears with a blue two-tone swimsuit. After the Trump Pirates stole the Going Merry with his clothes inside, he had to wear a white tuxedo with a red rose on the flap from a wedding store. Then he changes his clothes for a green jacket, with a gray shirt underneath, and black pants.
In
Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals
, he wears a dark brown jacket, with the chest area exposed, a white collar, and black pants. He also wears his orange glasses during the plot. Also momentarily, he wears an extravagant panda costume designed by Usopp.
During the
G-8 Arc
, he infiltrates as a Marine cook, wearing a white cook uniform, a blue scarf on his neck, and a white chef hat.