"Full Power" Shishilian
is a lion
mink
and the captain of the
Inuarashi Musketeer Squad
, as well as one of the Three Inuarashi Musketeers leading the squad.
Appearance
[
]
Shishilian is a lion mink with a curly red
mane that falls down to his chest, a long and curly tail, and a swirly black handlebar mustache. He wears a purple cape and a large black hat with a feathery pink plume over a olive colored dress shirt bound with a bandolier, black pants held up by a thick red belt, brown boots with puffy furred pink rims, and purple gloves.
Personality
[
]
Shishilian approaches every situation with his entire being in a very over-the-top and dramatic manner, such as making a flying leap before kneeling in gratitude. If people talk about "sweet" things like affection and sugar in his presence, Shishilian will throw them into the Bottomless Valley near
Inuarashi
's sanatorium and force them to climb back up because he despises such things.
Despite his aversion to "sweet" emotions, Shishilian is more than willing to express gratitude, having knelt before the newly-arrived
Straw Hat Pirates
while proclaiming that he was forever indebted to them
and later tried to accompany
Monkey D. Luffy
on his journey to stop
Sanji
's wedding alongside the other two Inuarashi Musketeers.
He was also saddened by the death of his rival Pedro and paid respects at his grave marker.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
As one of the Three Inuarashi Musketeers, Shishilian has authority over the rest of the
Musketeers
.
Physical Abilities
[
]
Shishilian is an extremely powerful warrior even among the minks.
Like his fellow minks, Shishilian can use Electro and, during the full moon, activate a
Sulong
transformation.
Shishilian has extreme level of superhuman strength, as the force of his sword strikes can easily cut down multiple Artificial Zoan Devil Fruit users of the Beast Pirates. Even when injured, Shishilian can throw down multiple members of the Musketeers to roughen them up. In the anime, he even lifted an entire giant pineapple building and threw it down on his subordinates. Shishilian is also extremely fast and agile. In the anime, he could instantly cut down multiple Gifters, including the Gifters Grip Trio, without giving them time to retaliate.
Swordsmanship
[
]
Shishilian is extremely skilled in swordsmanship. In the anime, alongside his fellow Inuarashi Musketeers, Shishilian expertly cut down numerous Gifters who were powerful enough to brutally overpower the other Musketeers with their Artificial Zoan Devil Fruit abilities, including the Gifters Grip Trio. Shishilian's sword style is highly aggressive, reflecting his fierce personality of going all out, swiftly cutting down numerous enemies in an instant.
Weapons
[
]
Shishilian wields a rapier, which he can channel Electro through.
History
[
]
Past
[
]
Sometime in the past, Shishilian tried training
Carrot
in swordsmanship, but
Pedro
commented that Carrot lacked the talent in using a sword, much to Shishilian's annoyance.
When the
Beasts Pirates
, led by
Jack
, invaded
Zou
in search of
Raizo
, Shishilian and the rest of the
Inuarashi Musketeer Squad
fought against them, with Shishilian himself saving
Wanda
from a
Gifter
while ordering the agile Musketeers to lead the townspeople to the forest. When dusk fell, Shishilian and the musketeers fell back to allow
Nekomamushi
and the
Guardians
to take over the battle.
Shishilian is given an antidote to his Koro poisoning.
The battle against the Beast Pirates lasted for five days. On the fifth day of the battle, Jack lost his patience and unleashed
Caesar Clown
's
Koro
gas, which left the
Mink Tribe
poisoned and drastically weakened. As one of the strongest mink warriors, Shishilian was crucified and tortured for information regarding Raizo, though he denied having any knowledge of the ninja and his whereabouts. The following day, Jack left Zou after hearing about
Donquixote Doflamingo
's defeat and capture,
and the minks were later saved when
Sanji
and his group came to Zou.
Whole Cake Island Saga
[
]
Zou Arc
[
]
While guarding
Inuarashi
's sanatorium, Shishilian threw several minks into the Bottomless Valley for speaking of sweet things in his presence. When Wanda brought the
Straw Hat Pirates
to see Inuarashi, Shishilian knelt before them and expressed his gratitude before allowing them to enter the sanatorium.
At 6:00 P.M., Shishilian explained how the city-dwellers were active during the day while the forest-dwellers were active at night before falling asleep.
The following day, as
Bariete
rang the bell and spoke of the arrival of samurai, Shishilian and the rest of the minks rushed to Kurau City. When
Kin'emon
and
Kanjuro
revealed themselves, Shishilian and the minks welcomed them and revealed that Raizo was on Zou before standing proudly at having kept his presence a secret.
Kin'emon showed Shishilian and the other minks the crest of the
Kouzuki Family
on his back to confirm his allegiance. When Inuarashi and Nekomamushi reluctantly called a truce for the sake of
Kouzuki Momonosuke
, whom they recognized as their lord, Shishilian and the rest of the minks were overjoyed.
When Inuarashi, Nekomamushi, the
samurai
, and the
pirates
returned from the Whale Tree with Raizo, Zou began shaking as
Zunesha
started crying out, throwing Shishilian and the others into a state of panic.
Jack had returned and was attempting to destroy Zou by killing Zunesha, who retaliated on Momonosuke's command and sank Jack's fleet with one blow, calming down Shishilian and the others in the process.
Later on, Shishilian requested to accompany the Sanji Retrieval Team to
Whole Cake Island
, but was told to stay behind on Zou by Nekomamushi.
Wano Country Saga
[
]
Wano Country Arc
[
]
Shishilian later went with Inuarashi to
Wano Country
.
He and his group later found a severely injured
Tama
in a wasteland.
At
Mt. Atama
, Shishilian witnessed Inuarashi's clash with
Shutenmaru
.
Sometime later, the Musketeers worked to steal food and weapons from the Beasts Pirates and they left a note saying that Shutenmaru and his gang were responsible for the thefts.
Prior to the raid on
Onigashima
, Shishilian, Wanda, and Carrot were later at the place where graves for Pedro and
Shimotsuki Yasuie
were placed.
While having a discussion with
Nami
,
Nico Robin
, Wanda, and Carrot in Amigasa Village, the Three Inuarashi Musketeers talked about how the weather conditions could affect their chances in battle.
On the day of the
Fire Festival
, Shishilian joined the Straw Hats on the
Thousand Sunny
as they entered the battle with the Beasts Pirates.
After
Jinbe
arrived to aid the rebels, Shishilian joined
Trafalgar Law
and the
Scabbards
on the
Polar Tang
and volunteered to lead the minks. He also took part in their discussion on how to enter Onigashima.
After infiltrating Onigashima, Shishilian joined Kin'emon in the eastern forces.
The group reached the Pleasure Hall owned by
Black Maria
. As they traversed through the area, they quickly hid themselves when
Big Mom
looked outside from one of the nearby buildings.
While Big Mom was preoccupied chasing the
Brachio Tank V
, the rebels continued with their infiltration.
After the all-out war began, the minks waiting on the roof of the
Skull Dome
until
Kaidou
arrived there with the Scabbards. When Jack and a platoon arrived, the minks then transformed into their
Sulong
forms
and began decimating Jack's forces.
After a fierce battle, Shishilian and most of the minks were wounded from their fight against Jack.
As Kaidou created
wind scythes with a roar
, Inuarashi ordered the wounded minks to get away from the roof.
Shishilian and his fellow minks later went to the fifth floor of the castle and cleared a path for
Monkey D. Luffy
, enabling him to reach the roof unhindered.
At some point later
Bariete
accompanied Shishilian, and they informed Nekomamushi of Pedro's death and told him his killer
Charlotte Perospero
was on the island.
Shishilian then accompanied Nekomamushi to the Live Floor, and once Shishilian confirmed Perospero's identity, Nekomamushi immediately attacked Perospero.
Shishilian was later partying with Bariete and the other Minks during the celebration banquet.
The following day, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi chose to retire from their role as the rulers of the
Mokomo Dukedom
and nominated
Carrot
as the next ruler. Carrot argued that there were stronger candidates, but Shishilian and the other Musketeers showed support for this decision and vowed to be there to help protect the Dukedom.
Final Saga
[
]
Egghead Arc
[
]
Shishilian is seen listening to
Vegapunk
's Broadcast with his fellow mink friends.
Major Battles
[
]
Mink Tribe vs. Beasts Pirates
Filler Battles
[
]
Shishilian vs. Jack
Shishilian vs. Gifters Grip Trio
Anime and Manga Differences
[
]
In the manga, Shishilian disappears after he leads
Nekomamushi
to
Perospero
's location
until the final victory celebration following the completion of the
Raid on Onigashima
.
In the anime, Shishilian was seen helping
Carrot
recover following her previous loss against Perospero
and then watched the later fight between Nekomamushi and Perospero.
Support Appearances
[
]
One Piece: Great Pirate Colosseum