Tararan
was a
General Zombie
and the Commander of the
Spider Mice
on
Thriller Bark
. He was the one that had caught the
Thousand Sunny
in his webs, forcing the
Straw Hat Pirates
to enter the island.
Due to his actions and role, he is a minor antagonist in the
Thriller Bark Arc
.
Appearance
Tararan's concept art from the anime.
He was a giant combination of a monkey and a spider. He had the head, hands and tail of a monkey, and the body of a spider. His spider body was black and yellow striped. He had bandages wrapped around his hands and the middle of his torso, and wore what seemed to be an aviator hat, partially colored black, with one goggle covering his left eye. His right eye had shadows around it, and he was missing one of his teeth.
Personality
Tararan was a very smug and vicious creature, telling
Franky
and
Robin
that they would all be annihilated. He also appeared to be overconfident as he continued to brag or laugh as soon as he temporarily gained the upper hand in his battle with Franky and Robin.
He had a habit of starting his sentences with "Monkey, Monkey". He also had a
distinct laughter style
that sounds like a monkey: "A-a-a-a-a".
Abilities and Powers
As a
General Zombie
, Tararan was, in theory, immortal and powerful, which is shown when he survived a bridge collapse and a considerable fall.
Hogback
modified all of the threads in the
spider mice
, including Tararan, so they could be cut. However, as with all zombies, he was weak against salt. Furthermore, Tararan was no match for Franky's attacks, even to the point of bleeding and being thrown backwards.
Attacks
Spider Nettori Net
(
スパイダーねっとり
網
,
Supaidā Nettori Netto
?
, literally meaning "Spider Sticky Net")
: Tararan sends out a spiderweb from the palm of his hands to create platforms for climbing or to immobilize an opponent. In the
Viz Manga
and Funimation dub, this is called
Sticky Spider Net
and
Spider's Sticky Net
in the Funimation subs.
History
Thriller Bark Arc
As
Franky
and
Nico Robin
were running away from the horde of
General Zombies
, they encountered Tararan on the mansion's bridge. Tararan held the two of them back before they could reach the coffin containing
Monkey D. Luffy
and explained to them that they would face the same fate as their captain soon enough.
Franky then questioned him whether the webs surrounding the
Thousand Sunny
were also his doing, to which he explained that their moves had been monitored by
Perona
's
ghost network
. Robin also asked him about his big ears and whether they were an asset to their information network; however, contradicting her statement, Tararan was unable to hear her, prompting Franky to yell at him for having big ears just for show. To Tararan's surprise, Franky then destroyed the bridge sustaining them, causing him and the General Zombies to fall to the ground below. However, he quickly regained consciousness and threatened to get back up there, but before he could do so, a
skeleton
fell from the sky.
Unfazed by the unknown intruder, Tararan quickly intercepted Franky and Robin. He then shot his
Spider Nettori Net
towards Robin, but was foiled when the latter used her
devil fruit
powers to slap his eyeball, causing him to get stuck in his own sticky net. Tararan was then attacked by Franky using nunchucks created from the mansion's columns, sending him flying backwards and in surprise at how an ordinary human could be that strong. Franky continued his onslaught of nunchuck attacks until Tararan was finally able to stop it using his sticky net. However, he is caught off guard when Franky fired his
Weapons Left
into Tararan's face.
Tararan being cut by Brook.
The battle between the two was temporarily paused when Robin was captured by Tararan's
spider mice
underlings, with Tararan boasting about them being able to catch anyone off guard. Suddenly, they all heard singing, and Brook appeared in front of them. Tararan noticed that the skeleton was not a zombie and lunged at him while questioning if he was a member of the
Straw Hat Pirates
. However, Brook simply unsheathed his
sword
and cut Tararan down with his
Hanauta Sancho: Yahazu Giri
.
With his last words, Tararan recalled that Brook looked familiar, but before he could finish his thought, his shadow came out of his body and was purified.
Major Battles
Tararan vs.
Nico Robin
and
Franky
Tararan vs.
Brook