Introduction
Gallery
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Non-Canon
Misc.
For the chapter of the same name, see
Chapter 139
.
Tony Tony Chopper
, also known as
"Cotton Candy Lover" Chopper
,
is the
doctor
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
He is the sixth member of the crew and the fifth to join, doing so at the end of the
Drum Island Arc
. He was temporarily forced to join the
Foxy Pirates
during the
Long Ring Long Land Arc
but was quickly returned to
Luffy
's crew.
Chopper is a
reindeer
that ate the
Hito Hito no Mi
, a
Devil Fruit
that allows its user to transform into a
human
hybrid at will. He was taught medicine on
Drum Island
by his two parental figures, Doctors
Hiriluk
and
Kureha
. Chopper aims to travel all across the world in the hopes of accomplishing his dream of being able to cure any disease.
Chopper gained his first bounty of
50 after the incident at
Enies Lobby
, having been mistaken for the Straw Hats'
pet
. After the
Dressrosa Arc
, it was increased to
100, then to
1,000 following the
Raid on Onigashima
.
Appearance
Further information:
Tony Tony Chopper/Gallery
Most of the time, Chopper is a toddler-sized human/reindeer hybrid, but his Devil Fruit abilities allow him to change his appearance depending on the situation. Chopper's left antler is braced at the base by a metal plate because it was reattached after being broken during his search for the
Amiudake
when he was younger (when he thought the Amiudake could cure Hiriluk's disease) and ran into the leader of his old herd, who severely injured him.
He usually wears a large pale red/pink fuzzy top hat with a sideways medical cross (given to him by
Hiriluk
) and a maroon pair of shorts. He also sometimes wears a blue backpack that has the same sideways medical cross as his hat. He also has a remarkable blue nose. As
Oda
's style evolved and many readers commented on how cute Chopper was, Chopper was given a much more "
chibi
" like appearance, meaning that when in his preferred transformation (which he calls
Brain Point
), he has a larger head and eyes and a less defined muzzle than earlier in the series. Many female characters, such as
Nami
,
Robin
,
Makino
,
Porche
,
Shakky
, and
Vivi
find Chopper very cute. There are even males that find Chopper cute such as
Foxy
and
Breed
.
A running gag is that various characters in One Piece think Chopper is a tanuki (raccoon-dog, often simply translated as "a raccoon") while in his Brain Point or hybrid form. The word "tonakai", which is the Japanese word for "reindeer", is where the "Tony" in Chopper's name is derived from. His Heavy Point or human form is likewise mistaken for a gorilla (or an abominable snowman on his home island).
Before the Timeskip
Similar to most of his male crewmates, Chopper has the same outfit throughout most of the series.
In the
Arabasta Arc
, he wore a white shirt with a green-lined collar, then a bigger one with giant sleeves that is light blue with dark blue liners.
In the
Enies Lobby Arc
, he wore a red leather jacket.
In the
Post Enies Lobby Arc
, he wore a blue t-shirt with a white
Galley-La Company
logo on it.
In the
Thriller Bark Arc
, he wore a crucifix necklace.
After the Timeskip
After two years, Chopper is significantly leaner. He is less potbellied than he was in earlier seasons and his arms/forelimbs are also skinnier. It is arguable that since leaving the cold climate on
Drum Island
, he has lost significant body fat. The color of his fur has changed from brown to gold, and according to
Nami
(when she and Chopper reunite on Sabaody), the texture has gotten softer.
Chopper now wears a blue cap that has a ring of dots around the circle, while the cap has buckles hanging from it. He wears this over his old pink hat.
He also wears a white and yellow vertical-striped tank top, which he takes off when he transforms into Heavy Point and an orange pair of shorts. Aside from being slightly slimmer and having his fur change from dark brown into a light brown color, Chopper's Brain Point form has not changed. His Walk Point (reindeer) form has grown considerably, now being roughly as tall as
Usopp
. His horns are larger, he has more muscle, and his fur is longer. His Heavy Point has become exceedingly larger and more muscular, being almost the size of
Dosun
's. He also developed new transformations through his research during the timeskip, which he debuts on
Fish-Man Island
, including Kung Fu Point (which he uses to defeat
Neptune
's soldiers) and a revised Horn Point (which he uses against
Daruma
).
While on
Punk Hazard
, he was given a black coat by
Kin'emon
using his
Devil Fruit powers
. He was later dressed up in
samurai
attire made from the same ability when the crew had departed from Punk Hazard.
At the start of the
Dressrosa Arc
, Chopper wore camouflage clothing. After the crew split up, he changed his headgear for the first time since the timeskip, putting on a football helmet with holes for his antlers that had three horizontal stripes running vertically down the middle, with two small ones beside one larger one, as well as large stars on each side of the helmet. He also put on a zippered coat with the same stripe pattern running horizontally all around the middle of the coat, with an inverse coloration of the stripes on the helmet and a pattern of stars inside the large stripe on the coat.
During his stay on
Zou
, Chopper's outfit consists of his original timeskip hat with a crown on top. He wears no shirt and has a long open coat with fur and fancy jewelry attached. Upon leaving Zou, Chopper wore an open doctor's coat.
During the
Whole Cake Island Arc
, he wore a yellow overcoat and had a pink scarf wrapped around his hat. Afterward, when meeting with the
Fire Tank Pirates
he wore an outfit similar to
Luffy
's, a black suit (dark blue in the anime) with a green shirt and a yellow ascot.
During the
Wano Country Arc
, he wore a green ninja outfit. Later, before the raid on Onigashima, Chopper wore a dark bluish-green samurai armor, complete with a Kabuto helmet and a Katana. During the
Raid on Onigashima
, Chopper switches to a new set of samurai armor, this time red-colored, with a matching red Kabuto helmet, and his katana on the side of his hip. When Kin'emon used his Devil Fruit abilities again to disguise them, he wore a
Beasts Pirates
disguise with a dark fur coat and a one-horned hat with a star-like symbol in the middle. While under the effects of the
Ice Oni
virus, Chopper's body and armor became partially frozen over, with Chopper slowly developing a slightly more demonic appearance and even partial fangs. Chopper's appearance was returned to normal shortly after administering the
countervirus
.
During the
Egghead Arc
, Chopper wears a sky-blue hooded long coat with the SSG logo on the front. He also wears a matching Hat resembling a space helmet but with a pale orange visor attached and a pair of matching goggles also on top of it. He also wears an earpiece and a pair of hot pink DOM Shoes.
External links
Reindeer
— Wikipedia article on Chopper's actual species.
Tanuki
— Wikipedia article on Chopper's alleged species.