Toyama Tsujigiro
is a
Wano Country
government official who lives in the
Flower Capital
.
He is also a serial killer who attacked strangers at night.
Appearance
Tsujigiro's anime concept art.
Tsujigiro is an average-sized man with thick eyebrows and black hair tied in a topknot. He wears a dark blue kimono, light blue
hakama
and a light blue vest.
Personality
Tsujigiro is a cruel individual who murdered random people to sate his bloodlust. He is cunning and remorseless enough to frame an
innocent man
as the perpetrator and sentence him to seppuku. He seems to hold an interest in high-quality swords like the
Meito
Shusui
, as he was even drooling slightly while holding the sword in his possession. Tsujigiro was perceptive enough to acknowledge that Zoro could not be the thief of Shusui due to his young age, and instead believing him to have taken it from the real thief.
Abilities and Powers
As a Magistrate, he commands a large number of samurai and has jurisdiction over the
Flower Capital
.
Stealth
Tsujigiro was very stealthy as he is secretly an infamous street slasher who has evaded capture for a long time.
Swordsmanship
He has some skill with a sword as he killed several people with one. In the anime, he is seen practicing his
swordsmanship
on a straw dummy and cutting it cleanly in half.
History
Past
At some point, Tsujigiro became a street slasher who murdered many people at night. He had claimed three victims in a month when the ronin
Zorojuro
was caught as the perpetrator.
Wano Country Saga
Wano Country Arc
Zoro cuts down Tsujigiro.
Tsujigiro convicted
Zorojuro
of being the street slasher and sentenced him to commit seppuku. While he was overseeing the sentence, he examined the sword
Shusui
which he had extracted from the convict. However, he was cut by Zoro using the seppuku knife after the latter deduced him as the true culprit. Zoro subsequently became a wanted criminal all across the
Wano Country
for the crime of attacking Tsujigiro.
Anime and Manga Differences
Tsujigiro at night as the street slasher.
The anime expands upon the sequence of events leading to Zoro's conviction. Tsujigiro is shown killing a man at night before running into Zoro, who decides to confront him. However, a crowd of people soon rushes to the street, which allows Tsujigiro to flee the scene while Zoro is mistaken for the culprit. The next day, Tsujigiro is seen practicing his swordsmanship against a straw dummy before Zoro is brought in. Tsujigiro also explains his philosophy that swords become stronger by absorbing human blood.