Tristan
is a
squirrel
mink
and one of
Inuarashi
's subjects.
Appearance
[
]
Tristan is a light blue-haired squirrel mink with tan fur, a dark patch on her forehead down to her nose, and a large bushy brown tail with two dark stripes down the center.
She wears a frilly yellow blouse with short puffy sleeves, a pink skirt with two layers, and red pumps.
Her nurse's uniform is a light-pink minidress and a light-pink cap with a cross on it (a red horizontal stripe in the anime).
Personality
[
]
Tristan is shown to be a friendly mink to those who are kind to her and her tribe. As a nurse, Tristan does her job in tending to the injured, though she believes that doctors like
Miyagi
should not be overly enthusiastic when tending to their patients or learning from other doctors.
Tristan is scared by strange people, having run off in fear after seeing
a skeleton
and
a dragon
talking to each other.
Abilities and Powers
[
]
As a mink, Tristan is a natural-born fighter and can use
Electro
, the skill to produce electric shocks.
As a nurse, she has some medical skill, having been called by
Tony Tony Chopper
to help tend to Inuarashi.
History
[
]
Dressrosa Saga
[
]
Dressrosa Arc
[
]
After the
Beasts Pirates
' attack on
Zou
, Tristan was being chased by
Sheepshead
when she encountered
Sanji
,
Nami
,
Tony Tony Chopper
,
Brook
,
Momonosuke
, and
Caesar Clown
. After Sanji's group tripped Sheepshead's alligator by covering the ground in ice, Tristan ran away from them, having been scared by the presence of a talking skeleton and dragon.
Tristan hides behind a tree.
After the Straw Hats fought off the Beasts Pirates, they wondered where Tristan had run off as Tristan watched them from behind a tree.
After Caesar neutralized the
poison gas
,
Wanda
attacked Nami, thinking that she and her group were with
Jack
, but Tristan and
Pedro
calmed her down by revealing that they were not the enemy. With Chopper directing them, Sanji's group and all the minks that could move began to treat the injured.
Later, as the minks continued to recover from the Beasts Pirates' assault, Tristan observed that Sanji seemed to like greeting people as he went around displaying affection toward the female minks.
Whole Cake Island Saga
[
]
Zou Arc
[
]
When it was reported that Duke
Inuarashi
had woken from his coma, Tristan followed Chopper and
Miyagi
to tend to him while telling Miyagi that he was being too enthusiastic.
At the duke's home, Tristan, Miyagi, and Chopper tended to the duke until Wanda brought the rest of the
Straw Hats
.
When dusk arrived, Tristan and Miyagi fell asleep.
The next day, she requested to join the Sanji Retrieval Team as Chopper's assistant, but was turned down in favor of Pedro since he could keep
Pekoms
under control.
Wano Country Saga
[
]
Wano Country Arc
[
]
After the Mink Tribe later infiltrated
Wano Country
, Tristan visited Amigasa Village and tended to
Tama
.
Chopper, Miyagi and Tristan fire the Chopperphage Nebulizer.
During the
raid on Onigashima
, Tristan and Miyagi arrived at the Live Stage to assist Chopper in mass-producing the antidote for
Queen
's
Ice Oni
virus.
After mass-producing the antidote, Tristan and Miyagi distributed the
Chopperphage
via a cannon.
After Sanji left the heavily bandaged
Roronoa Zoro
in their care,
Tristan had to carry Chopper in her hands due to him having shrunk from overusing his Rumble Balls. Miyagi then told Zoro about an instant recovery medicine from Zou but warned about its powerful side effects after it wore off.
Tristan and Chopper watched as Miyagi injected the medicine into Zoro.
Miyagi, Tristan, Chopper and were forced to flee, with samurai carrying Zoro, when
King
ordered his subordinates to kill Zoro before the medicine took full effect. After
Marco
defended his allies from King's attack, Zoro burst from his bandages and joined Sanji in fighting off King and Queen.
After Zoro defeated King, Tristain was surprised to see Chopper suddenly transform back into his normal form, but Chopper was more concerned over the medicine's side effects on Zoro.
After defeating Luffy again,
Kaidou
flew down to the Live Floor and announced his victory, which disheartened the alliance and rallied the Beasts Pirates;
however, Luffy reawaked and pulled Kaidou back to the rooftop.
When the fires threatened to consume everything in the Skull Dome, Raizo and
Jinbe
worked together to flood the castle with water from Zou.
Afterwards, the island was brought safely down to Wano, and Nekomamushi announced Luffy's victory over Kaidou. Chopper, Miyagi, and Tristan then began treating the vast number of injured.
A week later, the three continued treating Luffy's and Zoro's injuries after the two had awakened and begun feasting.