Introduction
Gallery
Personality and Relationships
Abilities and Powers
History
Past and Before the Timeskip
During and After the Timeskip
Non-Canon
Misc.
"God" Usopp
is the
sniper
of the
Straw Hat Pirates
and one of the Senior
Officers
of the
Straw Hat Grand Fleet
.
He is the fourth member of the crew and the third to join, doing so at the end of the
Syrup Village Arc
. Although he left the crew during the
Water 7 Arc
, he rejoined at the end of the
Post-Enies Lobby Arc
.
Usopp is the son of
Yasopp
and the late
Banchina
. He was born and raised in
Syrup Village
, serving as "
captain
" of the
Usopp Pirates
and being
Kaya
's close friend. After working with the Straw Hats to defeat
Kuro
and the
Black Cat Pirates
, he was invited to join the crew. Despite his usual cowardice, Usopp dreams of becoming a brave warrior of the sea just like his father and lives every day in pursuit of living up to this dream.
He first gained a bounty of
30,000,000 under his Sogeking Persona after the incident at
Enies Lobby
. After the
Dressrosa Arc
, Usopp gained a bounty of
200,000,000 under his real name. Following the
Raid on Onigashima
, his bounty was increased to
500,000,000.
Appearance
[
]
Main article:
Usopp/Gallery
Before the Timeskip
[
]
Usopp is a slim tan-skinned teenager with medium-length black curly hair, prominent lips, and a long nose. Usopp inherited his famous nose from his mother, while the rest of his face closely resembles his father's. During the
Straw Hat separation
, after landing in the
Boin Archipelago
, Usopp grew obese from overeating.
Like the rest of the males of the crew, he wore one outfit for the majority of the series before wearing different clothing by the end of
Paradise
. Usopp usually wore an olive green plaid bandanna, a blue and white striped armband on his left arm, along with special
sniper goggles
(he also has a pair of clear rectangular goggles that he sometimes wears in situations where he does not have his sniper goggles, like when he first met the
Straw Hat Pirates
or when his sniper goggles were stolen by
Mr. 2
), brown overalls with a white sash and no shirt underneath. He also carries with him a yellow satchel, which he stores all his tools and gadgets in.
During the
Drum Island Arc
, he wore a brown jumper with a white fur collar and cuffs, faded yellow gloves, and grey pants with a black "c" pattern.
During the walk through the desert in the
Arabasta Arc
, he wore a brown keffiyeh under his goggles a dull red (blue in the
Volume 19
cover, and dull green in the anime), and a black striped desert cloak.
During the
Skypiea Arc
, he wore a murky green shirt underneath brown overalls and some bandages on his torso and arms after getting attacked by
Enel
.
During the final game of the
Davy Back Fight
, he wore a yellow zip-up coach jacket, a red towel around his shoulders, and silver sunglasses with purple lenses. Usopp was also trusted with Luffy's straw hat which he wore on his head.
During the
Water 7 Arc
, he wore bandages under his overalls again after being attacked by the
Franky Family
.
While onboard the
Puffing Tom
he put on a gold-colored sun-like mask he found in a compartment over his goggles and wore a red cape, calling this superhero persona "
Sogeking
". Usopp wore this costume for the rest of the
Enies Lobby Arc
.
During the
Thriller Bark Arc
, Usopp wore a purple cape and a wide-brim purple hat with a necklace of garlic to ward off evil creatures.
During the
Sabaody Archipelago Arc
, Usopp wore an unbuttoned turquoise shirt instead of his overalls and some green shorts with a yellow flower pattern on one leg.
After the Timeskip
[
]
After the two-year timeskip, Usopp has become much more muscular than before and has grown his hair out. He has become "manlier" and is slightly taller than before.
Usopp now has a new pair of goggles around his neck (his sniper goggles weren't shown) and has some headphones or ear protectors on. He also now has a little goatee along with a new white wide-brim sun cap he wears on his head. He also has a new pair of rolled-up yellow pants with red suspenders and a pair of boots.
His trademark yellow satchel has been replaced with a red one, but he still has his blue and white striped wristband on his left arm.
During the
Punk Hazard Arc
, he wore a purple coat with light blue lining on the sides, which he took from one of
Brownbeard
's
Centaur Patrol Unit
.
During the
Dressrosa Arc
, he wore an orange open jacket with a ring of circles on the arms and a red cap which has a pointy stub on the end, which he used to make the
dwarves
believe he was a descendant of
Noland
.
During the
Zou Arc
, he wore a light green short-sleeved collared shirt buttoned up halfway with a short, black line on the middle of each sleeve and a dark green cap with his signature goggles resting on top of it.
In the
Wano Country Arc
, Usopp wears a light blue yukata underneath a pair of black and white striped
hakama
, as well as a green bandanna adorned with a frog and fake old man beard. During the
Raid on Onigashima
, Usopp wears his usual yellow pants, blue and white striped wristband, satchel, and headphones, however instead of suspenders, Usopp decides to wear a dark multi-colored armor plate with brown gloves and red protective headgear. When
Kin'emon
used his Devil Fruit abilities again to disguise them, he wore a
Beasts Pirates
disguise, adding his goggles as a part of the disguise.
During the
Egghead Arc
, Usopp wears a lime green jumpsuit, a forest green jacket with matching gloves, a purple bandana with a gear pattern, and a gold earpiece with an antenna on it. He also wears a pair of sunglasses with yellow-orange lenses, an orange satchel with a beige strap, and a pair of gold DOM Shoes.
During the
Elbaph Arc
, Usopp wears a viking helmet, vertically striped puffy overalls, and a fake beard and mustache.
Non-Canon
[
]
In
Clockwork Island Adventure
, he initially appears in a red and white striped swimwear. After the Trump Pirates stole the Going Merry with his clothes inside, he had to wear a brown kimono and a black hat from a wedding store. Then he changes his clothes for an orange jacket and dark green pants, returning to wear his usual bandanna.
In
Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals
, he wears overalls with camouflage print, his white sash at the waist. He also wears his orange glasses during the plot. Also momentarily, he wears an extravagant lion costume designed by himself.
During the
G-8 Arc
, he infiltrates as a Marine soldier, wearing a Marine uniform and cap.