A
scientist
is an individual who uses their knowledge and expertise to help engineer new creations, either to serve the world or themselves.
Scientists
[
]
See also the associated category:
Scientists
.
[Click here to see the legend of the symbols used]
[Hide the legend]
(Deceased)
†
: the character is deceased.
(Unknown status)
?
: the character's status is unknown.
(Non-Canon)
≠
: the character is
non-canon
.
(Former)
‡
: the character is no longer part of this group. Hovering the symbol may give further details.
(Note)
*
: other relevant information. Hovering the symbol gives further details.
Scientists in One Piece
[
]
Vegapunk conducting a scientific experiment on Kuma.
In the
world
, scientists often serve the goals of a higher authority. Some have command over their own stations and have a team who assist them, as well as backers that provide financial aid for their operations and researches in exchange for access to products of said researches. Some have been able to manipulate and transform the environment, and even achieve space travel. Depending on the person, their creations can either be used for good or for evil; but they are usually utilized to create weapons and tools for their comrades or themselves. Most scientists tend to specialize in a specific subject of research, such as
Franky
and robotics,
Queen
and viruses or
Vinsmoke Judge
and genetics, but a few exceptional ones like
Vegapunk
can deal with multiple scientific areas at once.
Vegapunk's research papers about inanimate Zoans.
Cyborgs
are one of the most common yet advanced inventions of scientists, along with giving
Devil Fruit
abilities to inanimate objects such as swords.
Gigantification
is one of the most sought after goals for scientists, and many have worked on it for centuries, but due to the complexity, the perfected version has yet to be accomplished; success would bring worldwide fame and glory to the scientist who achieves it.
Despite most scientists being people of renown and respect in the world, a few are known to skirt the law in order to conduct research deemed less ethical, which was, for example, the purpose of groups like
MADS
or
Caesar Clown
's secret organization backed by
Donquixote Doflamingo
. Certain subjects and practices are outlawed by the
World Government
, and dabbling in said topics may result in the arrest of the responsible scientist. Vegapunk was to be killed by CP0 for researching the void century which is the worst crime by the world government. The procedure for
cloning
humans is one such example.
Hypocritically, the World Government and the Marines make uses of some of these practices themselves.
Willie Gallon
[
]
Willie Gallon
(
ウィリー゠ガロン
,
Wirī Garon
?
, VIZ Media: Willy Karen)
is a physicist.
Little is known about Willie Gallon. It is known that he believes that everything that can be imagined can become reality. He is quoted by the narrator when the
Straw Hat Pirates
encountered a
huge ship
falling from the
sky
after they left from the
Arabasta Kingdom
saying "Anything that man can imagine is a possibility in reality".
He is not mentioned in the anime.